Welfare System

EDA strongly believes in giving back to the society.
Hence, EDA has a lot of welfare packages that are being handled by Captain Adiari Foundation.


Captain Adiari Foundation (CAF)
This is be a non-profit organization.

CAF will have the functions of GARS, which is an acronym for:
	G = Gospel promotion
	A = Academic scholarship awards
	R = Research promotion
	S = Sports promotion

That is, “CAF will promote GARS” – this will be CAF slogan.

Gospel Promotion:
CAF is involved in:
• Medical Evangelism
• Sponsorship of Missionaries across the world
• Producing Bibles for free distribution 
• Building physical Church building across Africa and beyond
• Translation of Bibles into widely used languages 
CAF has a mission of distributing at least one billion Bibles across Africa and beyond.

Academic Scholarship Awards
CAF is involved in:
• Awarding academic scholarship to indigent pupils, students, and scholars

The academic scholarships are meant to cover:
Tuition fees
Daily living expenses during schooling
Travelling expenses during schooling
CAF has a mission of giving scholarships to a minimum of one million households across Africa and beyond.

Beneficiaries of the academic scholarship will be:
Orphans
Thus, beneficiaries of CAF endowment funds will be primarily Africans.

Research Promotion
CAF will be involved in:
• Sponsoring healthcare research studies
• Sponsoring researches on digitalization of Africa

Sports Promotion
Sports is an important aspect of humanity and national development. Hence, CAF will be involved in:
• Promoting several sports activities
• Digitalization of sports
• Gamifications.

Structure of CAF
CAF will be an independent organization.
CAF is not a subsidiary of EDA, though both CAF and EDA will work very closely. For instance, the President of CAF will be among the members of BOF of EDA.
The leader of CAF will be by appointment by CAF founder, Captain Adiari.
The leader of CAF will be called President.

Commitment:
Captain Adiari will be donating one million Rands (R1000000) as the endowment fund for the take-off of CAF.


Current Activities
Presently, CAF is giving out scholarships every month to qualified individuals in Kenya, Nigeria and South Africa.

President of CAF
The leader of CAF is known as the President.
The President of CAF is a member of EDA Board of Founders (BOF).

Welfare Donations
Please, join us in sponsoring orphans and the homeless children in Africa by donating to this noble and God-inspired course.

You can donate Eda Token, BNB Smartchain (BEP20) or USDT Smartchain (BEP20) to Welfare wallet address:

0xd08C7af87c2a25cc650610427B6e59Fec58484D8

God bless you for helping the poor child to feed and go to school.

website: https://edaface.com/welfare-donations.



