EDA Week Analysis

Nature:
(1). Outdoor Program
(2). Live Digital Transmission

Period:
3 to 7 days of the week that has 12th May

Highlights:
(1). Talk Show:
(a). Discuss and Teach how Africa can utilize digitalization to achieve financial freedom.
(b). Highlight any major accomplishments and efforts of EDA.

(2). Work Show (Exhibition)
Platform for creators and innovators to show case their impactful digital works.

(3). EDA Prize award
EDA Prize should be given to any person that has a proven outstanding work in the digitalization of Africa.

Covering Events:
(1). Discussion and Teaching Topics 
(a). Topics will focus on How Digitalization will Profit You and the Seven Pillars of African Society.
(b). Key Speakers will be people from various parts of Africa and outside.
(c). Discussions and Teachings will be in the form of:
• symposiums
• workshops, etc. 

(2). Digital Exhibition
Works that will be permitted for exhibition during the Eda Week will be:
• Creative works that impact on the Seven Pillars of African society 
• Innovative works that impact on the Seven Pillars of African society.

(3). EDA Prize Award
(a). Three Criteria of EDA Prize award
The work that merits EDA Prize must be meet the following three criteria:
(i) creative or innovative
(ii). recognized by reputable agency as outstanding
(iii). one that has proven to be outstanding in the digitalization of Africa of any of the seven Pillars of African society.

(b). The characteristics of EDA Prize:
(i). The financial worth of the Price will be set each year by the EDA BOF members. The financial worth of the price should be such that it will stimulate the world to seek to win the coveted EDA Prize.
(ii). EDA Prize will be paid in Eda Token (or Eda Coin)
(iii). An official letter by EDA BOF will accompany each EDA Prize award. The letter will cover the following contents:
-	Congratulatory message for winning EDA Prize
-	Brief explanation of what EDA stands for
-	A message of thanksgiving/praise to Jesus Christ for establishing EDA

The Seven Pillars of African Society
• Agriculture
• Communication
• Education
• Finance
• Health 
• Religion
• Transport

Finance refers to the economics and commerce.
Entertainment industry is part of Communication 

Side Attractions: 
(a). Social Functions, e.g. gala night, sight-seeing
(b). Scholarship Award
(c). Raffle draw, etc.

(d). NFT Sales
• EDA will mint limited number of NFTs for auction sale as part of each EDA Week.
• The sale price will be determined by the tone of events.
