EdaFace Forum Resources

Contents
• Frequently Asked Questions
What Is EdaFace Forum?
What are the Divisions of EdaFace Forum?
How do I Start a Discussion on Forum arena?
How do I Reply to an ongoing Discussion on Forum Arena?

• Dealing with Forum Abuse

• Suspension and Ban
My account was suspended for violating Forum’s Content Policy
What’s the difference between a suspension and being banned from a sub-arena?
What is Ban Evasion?
What can I do if my account was suspended for a content violation?
My account was suspended or locked due to suspicious activity
How do I know if my account was locked?
How do I log in to Forum if I forgot my password?
My account has been permanently suspended
My account was suspended in error

• Moderator Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct 1: Create, Facilitate, and Maintain a Stable Community
Code of Conduct 2: Set Appropriate and Reasonable Expectations
Code of Conduct 3: Respect Your Neighbours
Code of Conduct 4: Be Active and Engaged
Moderator Code of Conduct: Enforcement
Deletion of Post or Thread

• Eight Rules of Forum Content Policy
Rule 1: Remember human civility. 
Rule 2: Abide by community rules. 
Rule 3: Respect the privacy of others. 
Rule 4: Protect Minors
Rule 5: Don’t impersonate 
Rule 6: Ensure predictable experiences for users
Rule 7: Keep it legal
Rule 8: Don’t break the site 
Rule Enforcement
=====================================


Footnotes
• Forum Content Policy
• Advertising Policy
• Forum User Agreement
• Privacy Policy
• Eda Token Policy
• Disclaimer
----------------------------------------------------------

Frequently Asked Questions:

What Is EdaFace Forum?

It is a platform where users can chat and interact with each other
A platform where latest topics in the blockchain industry can be discussed
A platform where users can directly interact with EdaFace Admin
A platform where newcomers will learn from discussions of seasoned users
A platform where cryptocurrency traders can voice their concerns 

Indeed, EdaFace Forum is the social platform for all lovers of the crypto industry, blockchain technology enthusiasts, and supporters as well players of the emerging digital world.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

What are the Divisions of EdaFace Forum?
EdaFace Forum is divided into Arenas, which are:

Announcements
This is where Forum Admin will communicate messages and information for EdaFace Forum users.

Beginner Guides & Tips
This division is very important to newcomers to the blockchain industry and the digital space in general. It carries discussion threads on basic functionalities on the blockchain industry and the Crypto Market in general.

General Discussions
This is a division that deals on any topic of interest. You need to visit this platform often as you’ll gain a lot from the insight and experiences of others. Traders love this platform as this is where they hang around and learn from each other.

Upcoming Features
This is where you will learn about the latest information about EdaFace Ecosystem. It unveils the upcoming projects. It is good you visit this Division frequently so that you don’t miss out on important events like airdrops, equity sale, sale promo, etc. This is especially important when you consider that EdaFace has started putting logistics together to build a highly responsive blockchain to service global interest.

Feedback & Suggestions
This Division is where you can make suggestions to EdaFace Admin and the Development Team on any topic.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How do I Start a Discussion on Forum arena?
To start a discussion on any of the Forum arenas is very simple. It requires the following simple steps:
(1). Register on EdaFace Forum
Without registration, you can read through the posts but won’t be able to start and post any discussion. Therefore, you’ll need to register to have full access to the platform and post your discussion thread or join an ongoing one.

(2). Login with your registration details.
Note you can login with your emails or your social media login details. Just with a simple click, you’ll be logged in.

(3). Click on Support Forum
Once you have logged in, click on “Support Forum” to access the 5 Arenas of the Forum. Choose the relevant Arena that you want to post your discussion. Then click on the Arena.

(4). Create New Topic
Scroll down to where it says “Create New Topic…” Add your topic title, and then type your message in the box page that has been provided. 

(5). Submit Your Post
You can tag your post and indicate “Notify me of follow-up replies via email” if you so which, and then click on “Submit” button so that your post will become live to the users and visitors of EdaFace Forum. 
----------------------------------------------------------

How do I Reply to an ongoing Discussion on Forum Arena?
To be able to post a reply and join an ongoing discussion on EdaFace Arena, you’ll need take the following simple steps:
(1). Register on EdaFace Forum
Without registration, you can read through the posts but won’t be able to start and post any discussion. Therefore, you’ll need to register to have full access to the platform and post your discussion thread or join an ongoing one.

(2). Login with your registration details.
Note you can login with your emails or your social media login details. Just with a simple click, you’ll be logged in.

(3). Click on Support Forum
Once you have logged in, click on “Support Forum” to access the 5 Arenas of the Forum. Choose the relevant Arena that you want to post your discussion. Then click on the ongoing discussion thread.

(4). Type in Your Message
Scroll down to where it says “Reply to…” type your message directly in the box page that has been provided. 

(5). Submit Your Post
You can tag your post and indicate “Notify me of follow-up replies via email” if you so which, and then click on “Submit” button so that your post will become live to the users and visitors of EdaFace Forum. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------


Dealing with Forum Abuse
Very often people encounter content posted on EdaFace Forum that they disagree with, take offense to or believe infringes on copyrights. We’ve collated a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) to help you determine your best course of action. 
Please read through these FAQ before contacting us with a complaint, as you may find that your questions have been answered in the FAQ.

(a). What's the fastest way to get results if there is an abuse?
The first rule in dealing with Forum abuse is to keep a level head and being civil. Firing off an email threatening litigation and throwing around insults will only galvanize the perpetrator against you. Always make the first step a polite notice indicating the nature of your complaint and a polite request for resolution. If this message is ignored, then proceed accordingly. Contact the perpetrator’s host, or perhaps have your lawyer send a proper Cease-and-Desist letter. 
Keep in mind though – don’t lose your cool. More often than not, the slight is unintended, and can readily be resolved with proper communication and understanding.

(b). Who should I contact with my complaint?
The first person you should contact is the Administrators of EdaFace Forum. Register on the Forum, find the Admin and send them an email or personal message on the Forum. Be patient because the Forum Admin may be quite busy as the Forum gets more and more engaged but they will ultimately respond to your query.

(c). Who is hosting EdaFace Forum?
The Forum is hosted and owned by Emerging Digital Age (Pty) Ltd (abbreviated and trading as EDA), which is a registered company in South Africa that is duly incorporated under the South African Companies Act with company registration number: 2021/818038/07. You can view the registration details of EDA with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, an agency of the South African Department of Trade and Industry.

(d). How can I contact the owners of the Forum?
The first thing is to register on the Forum, and try to contact them via the Forum Admin through the tools provided on the platform. 

(e). They are posting my copyrighted material; how do I stop them?
The first step is to get in touch with the Forum Admin. If you can prove that the material is being distributed without permission, contact the Forum Admin, who will have them temporarily suspend the offending account.

(f). How can I get the personal contact information or IP address of a user on the Forum?
In short, you can't. You really only have two ways – the first is to ask the user for his or her contact information, the second is to take the complaint to a court of law, and have a court order issued to collect the information. The reason for this is that in most countries, privacy legislation prevents the website owner from sharing that information with you.

Report a security issue 
Security is important to us, if you have found an issue or if you have been the victim of an attack on the Forum platform, you can use this form to notify us.  
Please be as specific as possible, this helps us to help you. 
------------------------------------------------------------------


Suspension and Ban:

My account was suspended for violating Forum’s Content Policy
This section covers information for users who have violated Forum’s Content Policy. 

Why was my account suspended?
Forum has a set of rules outlined through the Content Policy, which govern the behavior we expect users to uphold. If you break these rules, your account may be suspended. 
Site-wide suspensions can only be applied to accounts by Forum Admin and are done so after review of the actions and the context in which it took place.
Suspensions can be permanent or temporary, depending on the nature of the violation and the history of the account in question.
Temporary suspensions have a set duration. Once the duration has expired, the suspension will be lifted and you can continue using Forum. Further violations of the Content Policy will take previous suspensions into account.
Permanent suspensions are indefinite.

How do I know if my account was suspended?
Your inbox
Suspensions are notified via a private message. You can find your private messages in your registered email box
by selecting the envelope in your navigation area while using the website or mobile app. Information about your suspension will be specified here.
Your experience
A visual reminder of the suspension will appear on each page you visit and any time a forbidden action is attempted. On the website and mobile apps, you will see a banner describing your ban and its duration.t

What do other users see?
Temporary suspensions will only be apparent to the user. Permanent suspensions will be publicly communicated via the user page and accessible by other users.

What happens when my account is suspended?
While your account is suspended from Forum, you will be restricted from certain actions on the site as follows:
As a user
Actions not allowed include voting, posting, commenting, sending private messages to users and sub-arenas, reporting, creating new sub-arenas, editing and creating self-serve advertisements.
As a moderator
Actions not allowed include taking actions via moderator tools, accessing moderator mail, managing content on your subForum (approving, rejecting, distinguishing, and more).


What’s the difference between a suspension and being banned from a sub-arena?
Site-wide suspension
An account suspension is an action taken by Forum Admin for security purposes or to enforce our Content Policy. If your account is suspended, you will receive an administrator distinguished message in your email inbox explaining a reason for the site-wide suspension. A suspension may be temporary or permanent and a suspended account will be unable to participate on Forum for the duration of the suspension. 

Sub-Arena ban
A subarena ban is an action taken by a Moderator of a community on Forum. If you have previously participated in the community, you will receive a notification of the sub-arena ban in your Forum inbox. While banned from a sub-arena, you will be unable to participate in that community, but you will still be able to view the content of the community and participate on Forum as a whole. 
Attempts to circumvent the ban (Ban Evasion) can lead to Admin intervention and a site-wide suspension, as described above. Sub-arena ban appeals should be sent directly to the Moderators of the community in which you are banned.
================================
What is Ban Evasion?
Ban evasion usually refers to a user being banned from a sub-arena, then using an alternative Forum account to continue participating on that sub-arena.
Ban evasion can also refer to a sub-arena being created or repurposed to reconstitute or serve the same objective as a previously banned sub-arena. This will be addressed directly by the site admins and does not require a moderator report.
Both are a violation of our site-wide rules and could result in a Forum-wide suspension. 
Sub-arena Ban Evasion: It is up to sub-arena moderators to decide who participates on their sub-arena, so even if you disagree with the reason for your ban you should not attempt to evade it. Some moderators may be okay with a user returning to their sub-arena on another account so long as they participate in good faith, as such we only review ban evasion reports when they are reported by the sub-arena moderators.
The user must be banned from the sub-arena in question for us to consider them as evading their ban, we will not consider automoderator shadow bans as sub-arena bans.
To report Ban Evasion, please visit this page.

==========================================
What can I do if my account was suspended for a content violation?
If you think a suspension for a content violation was applied incorrectly, you can submit an appeal.
While we will review each appeal, we cannot guarantee we will reverse your suspension. Furthermore, any abusive messages sent to the Admin as a result of a permanent or temporary suspension could result in a longer suspension and/or an indefinite and immediate suspension of any alternate or newly created accounts.
If you would like to appeal a suspension, please use this form.

==========================================

My account was suspended or locked due to suspicious activity
If you think your account was suspended for violating Forum’s Content Policy, go to: My account was suspended for violating Forum’s Content Policy.

Why was my account locked?
Forum takes precautionary steps to reduce the risk of your account being hacked. If we notice suspicious activity with your account, we’ll lock the account and only allow continued use if a new password is created.
Once you have regained access, please check the account activity page and look for any access from unrecognized IP addresses or locations. Keep in mind that geolocation of IP addresses is not an exact science and may occasionally be incorrect, especially on mobile IPs.
On the account activity page you can also log out of all other sessions, or revoke access from any apps authorized to access your account.
===============================================
How do I know if my account was locked?
Your inbox
A notification will be sent via a private message. You can find your private messages by selecting the envelope in your navigation area while using the website or mobile app. Information about your account locking will be specified here.
Your experience
A visual notification of your account locking will appear on each page you visit and any time a forbidden action is attempted. On the website and mobile apps, you will see a banner describing your account lock.
What do other users see?
Only you will see information about your account being locked.
=========================
What can I do if my account was locked?
You can unlock your account by requesting a password reset if you have an email address attached to your account. You may need to complete the process from a desktop browser.
We suggest using a strong, unique password that isn’t shared with any other sites you use on the Internet. In order to protect user privacy, we cannot help someone log back into an account if there was no email address registered to it prior to the lockdown.
We also strongly recommend using two-factor authentication to heighten your account security.

What if I can’t reset my password or access my email?
For issues around passwords or email access, go to: How do I log in to Forum if I forgot my password?
============================ 

How do I log in to Forum if I forgot my password?
If you’ve added an email address to your EdaFace Forum account, you can request an email to reset your password and log in. Unfortunately, if you haven’t added an email address to your account, you’re locked out until you can remember your password. 
To reset your password, follow these steps:
•Under the Sign In button, select the Forgot password link.
• Enter your Forum username and email address, then press Email Me. If your Forum username and email address match, an email with a link to reset your password will be sent to your email address. If you’re not getting an email for your password reset, check your spam or junk folder.
• Click on the link in your email to reset your password. 
• Enter and confirm your new password, then tap Set Password. 
The links provided in these emails are time-sensitive, so if you click the link and it doesn’t work, try requesting a new password reset.

Forum Tip: Never share your password in an email. EdaFace Forum will never email you to ask for your password.
 
If you have more questions that aren’t covered in these FAQs, contact the Forum Admin or Moderator.
Someone may have had the same question, hence, you can ask in the arena and one of your fellow Forum users will help you out.

==========================================

My account has been permanently suspended
Accounts may be permanently suspended for violating the content policy or if they are compromised and unable to be securely recovered. At the time of suspension, you will receive a private message informing you of the reason. 
You will be able to log into your account, but unable to participate on the site through posting, commenting, voting, or moderating. A red banner will appear at the top of the page on Forum.com and in the official apps. A reminder will pop up any time you attempt to take an action like voting or posting. Other users who look at your profile page will see only a message that states “This account has been permanently suspended.” 

While permanently suspended, you can:
• Log in
• View private messages 
• View posts and comments in public sub-arena and private ones you are subscribed to
• Communicate with Forum Admins or Moderator
• Appeal your suspension (via https://www.Forum.com/appeals-- please create) 

While permanently suspended, you cannot:
• Submit new posts or comments
• View modmail
• Send private messages to other users (except Forum Admins or Moderators through /r/Forum.com modmail)
• Vote on posts or comments
• Edit pages
• Create new sub-arenas
• Perform any moderation actions
• Use the self-serve advertising system
Your moderator positions on any subForums may be removed and subForums assigned to new moderators. 

My account was suspended in error
(1). Open a browser window and log into the suspended account.
(2). Visit https://www.Forum.com/appeals to request a review of the suspension.

My account has been permanently suspended and I cannot log in
There are multiple possible explanations, please read them all to determine what fits your situation.

Your account has been compromised and the password changed
If your account is compromised and misused, it may have been suspended for those actions. The password may have been changed. If you are unable to log in and your user profile page shows your account is suspended, try requesting a password reset first. If you do not receive a password reset email, contact the admins using the options below.

Your account has been closed
If your account has repeatedly engaged in behaviour that violates Forum Content Policy or has been compromised and misused with no secure recovery options available, admins may permanently suspend and close your accounts. If you attempt to log in but fail and password reset emails arrive but do not allow you to successfully reset, your account may have been closed. 

I think my account has been compromised
1. Confirm that your user profile page at https:///www.Forum.com/username shows your account is permanently suspended.
2. Confirm that you are unable to log into the account. 
3. Confirm that you do not receive password reset emails after requesting a reset for your account at https://accounts.Forum.com/password.
4. Contact the Forum Admins here (hyperlink please).
====================================


Moderator Code of Conduct
Effective April 01, 2023.
As the platform grows, EdaFace Forum Admin may appoint Moderators to help manage the Forum.
The vision and mission of EdaFace Forum are clearly documented on EdaFace website: www.edaface.com. Moderators are key to making this happen: you are at the frontlines using your creativity, decision-making, and passion to create fun and engaging spaces for Forum users. The Moderator Code of Conduct serves to clarify our expectations, help you develop sub-arena rules and norms to create and nurture your communities, and empower you to make decisions more easily.
Your role as a Moderator is an important one in shaping a positive community experience. Whether you’re a new or an experienced Moderator, our goal is to make sure you feel safe and supported.
We also expect that Moderators uphold Forum’s Content Policy and abide by Forum’s User Agreement, as well as make a concerted effort to remove and report violating content in their communities.
Remember, your Moderator team can be held accountable for individual moderator actions. Given this, it’s important to continuously align, educate, and work with your fellow moderators to understand and adhere to the Moderator Code of Conduct. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to let us know.

Code of Conduct 1: Create, Facilitate, and Maintain a Stable Community
Moderators are expected to uphold Forum’s Content Policy by setting community rules, norms, and expectations that encourage positive engagement. Your role as a Moderator means that you not only abide by our terms and the Content Policy, but that you actively strive to promote a community that abides by them, as well. This means that you should never create, approve, enable or encourage rule-breaking content or behaviour. The content in your arena that is subject to the Content Policy includes, but is not limited to:
Posts
Comments
Flairs
Rules
Styling
Welcome Messages
Modmails

Code of Conduct 2: Set Appropriate and Reasonable Expectations
Users who enter your community should know exactly what they’re getting into, and should not be surprised by what they encounter. It is critical to be transparent about what your community is and what your rules are in order to create stable and dynamic engagement among users. Moderators can ensure people have predictable experiences on EdaFace Forum by doing the following:
• Providing a clear and concise description of the topic(s) discussed by your community.
• Properly labelling content and communities, particularly content that is graphic, and disallowing sexually-explicit or offensive contents that are not in agreement with EdaFace stipulations.
• Creating rules that explicitly outline your expectations for members of your community. These rules will help your community understand what is or isn’t permissible within your arena.
• Explicitly marking your community as “unofficial” in the community description if the topic concerns a brand or company, but the community isn’t officially affiliated.

Code of Conduct 3: Respect Your Neighbours
While we allow discussions about EdaFace Forum and its arenas, your community should not be used to direct, coordinate, or encourage interference in other communities and/or to target Forum users for harassment. As a Moderator, you cannot interfere with or disrupt Forum communities, nor can you facilitate, encourage, coordinate, or enable members of your community to do this.
Interference includes:
• Mentioning other communities, and/or content or users in those communities, with the effect of inciting targeted harassment or abuse.
• Enabling or encouraging users to violate Forum Content Policy anywhere on the platform.
• Enabling or encouraging users in your community to post or repost content in other communities that is expressly against their rules.
• Showboating about being banned or actioned in other communities, with the intent to incite a negative reaction.

Code of Conduct 4: Be Active and Engaged
Whether your community is big or small, it is important for communities to be actively and consistently moderated. This will ensure that issues are being addressed, and that users feel safe as a result. Being active and engaged means that:
• You have enough Moderators to effectively and consistently manage your community. This involves regularly monitoring and addressing content in the arena and sub-arenas and, if possible, actively engaging with your community via posts, comments, and voting.
• Camping or sitting on a community is not encouraged. If a community has been empty or unmoderated for a significant amount of time, we will consider banning or restricting the community. If a user requests a takeover of a community that falls under either category, we will consider granting that request but will, in nearly all cases, attempt to reach out to the Moderator team first to discuss their intentions for the community.

Moderator Code of Conduct: Enforcement
EdaFace Forum Admin will strive to work with you to resolve issues without having to resort to restrictive measures. We believe that, in most cases, we can achieve resolution and understanding through discussion, not remediation.
If an EdaFace Admin reaches out to let you know that you’ve violated the Moderator Code of Conduct, your cooperation and swift responsiveness can help to resolve the issue. We want you to be the best Moderator possible and encourage you to ask questions and seek clarity. With that said, we will not tolerate hostility, refusal to cooperate, and/or continued encouragement of rule-breaking behavior across Forum.
If any Moderator responds with hostility or is uncooperative, or we find the issues to be unresolvable via educational outreach, we may consider the following enforcement actions:
• Issuing warnings
• Temporary or permanent suspension of accounts
• Removing moderators from a community
• Prohibiting a moderator from joining additional moderator teams or creating new sub-arenas
• Removal of privileges from, or adding restrictions to, accounts
• Adding restrictions to Forum communities, such as adding or quarantining
• Removal of content
• Banning of Forum communities
------------------------------------------
Deletion of Post or Thread
EdaFace Admin has full discretion to delete any post or thread that violates the platform rules and/or violate the EdaFace Terms and Conditions.
As a rule of thumb, please make sure your post is relevant and adds value to whatever section you're posting to.

If your post is removed do not question it in a new thread. If you do, it will be deleted. Rather you can send message to the Forum Admin for explanation via the tools provided on the platform.
------------------------------------------------------------------






Eight Rules of Forum Content Policy 
Forum is a vast network of communities that are created, run, and populated by you, the Forum users.
Through these communities, you can post, comment, vote, discuss, learn, debate, support, and connect with people who share your interests, and we encourage you to find—or even create—your home on Forum.
While not every community may be for you (and you may find some unrelatable or even offensive), no community should be used as a weapon. Communities should create a sense of belonging for their members, not try to diminish it for others. Likewise, everyone on Forum should have an expectation of privacy and safety, so please respect the privacy and safety of others.
Every community on Forum is defined by its users. Some of these users help manage the community as Moderators. The culture of each community is shaped explicitly, by the community rules enforced by Moderators, and implicitly, by the upvotes, downvotes, and discussions of its community members. Please abide by the rules of communities in which you participate and do not interfere with those in which you are not a member.
Below the rules governing each community are the platform-wide rules that apply to everyone on Forum. These rules are enforced by the Forum Admins.
Forum and its communities are only what we make of them together, and can only exist if we operate by a shared set of rules. We ask that you abide by not just the letter of these rules, but the spirit as well.
Here are the Eight Rules of Forum Content Policy. Details of the Rules have been provided in the footnotes as Forum Content Policy (hyperlink please). 

Rule 1: Remember human civility. 
Forum is a place for creating community and belonging, not for attacking marginalized or vulnerable groups of people. Everyone has a right to use Forum free of harassment, bullying, and threats of violence. Communities and users that incite violence or that promote hate based on identity or vulnerability will be banned.
See “Do not threaten, harass, or bully” (hyperlink please)
See “Do not post violent content” (hyperlink please)
See “Promoting Hate Based on Identity or Vulnerability” (hyperlink please)

Rule 2: Abide by community rules. 
Post authentic content into communities where you have a personal interest, and do not cheat or engage in content manipulation (including spamming, vote manipulation, ban evasion, or subscriber fraud) or otherwise interfere with or disrupt Forum communities.
See “What constitutes spam? Am I a spammer?” (hyperlink please)
See “What constitutes vote cheating or vote manipulation?” (hyperlink please)

Rule 3: Respect the privacy of others. 
Instigating harassment, for example by revealing someone’s personal or confidential information, is not allowed. Never post or threaten to post intimate or sexually-explicit media of someone with or without their consent.
See “Is posting someone's private or personal information okay?” (hyperlink please)
See “Never Post Intimate or Sexually Explicit Media of Someone” (hyperlink please)

Rule 4: Protect Minors
Do not post or encourage the posting of sexual or suggestive content involving minors.
See “Do Not Post Sexual or Suggestive Content Involving Minors.”

Rule 5: Don’t impersonate 
You don’t have to use your real name to use Forum, but don’t impersonate an individual or an entity in a misleading or deceptive manner.
See “Do not impersonate an individual or entity.”

Forum does not allow content that impersonates individuals or entities in a misleading or deceptive manner. This not only includes using a Forum account to impersonate someone, but also encompasses things such as domains that mimic others, as well as deepfakes or other manipulated content presented to mislead, or falsely attributed to an individual or entity. While we permit satire and parody, we will always take into account the context of any particular content. 
If you are being impersonated, or if you believe you’ve found content in violation of these guidelines, please report it here.

Rule 6: Ensure predictable experiences for users
Ensure people have predictable experiences on Forum by properly labelling content and communities.

Rule 7: Keep it legal
Avoid posting illegal content or soliciting or facilitating illegal or prohibited transactions.
See Forum’s policy against transactions involving prohibited goods or services.

Rule 8: Don’t break the site 
Don’t do anything that interferes with normal use of Forum.
See Don't break the site.
-----------------------------------------------
Rule Enforcement
We have a variety of ways of enforcing our rules, including, but not limited to:
(1). Asking you nicely to abide by the rules
(2). Asking you less nicely
(3). Temporary or permanent suspension of accounts
(4). Removal of privileges from, or adding restrictions to, accounts
(5). Adding restrictions to Forum communities 
(6). Removal of content
(7). Banning of Forum communities
(8). Taking legal action
========================================










For the Footnotes

Forum Content Policy 
This Policy gives more details about the Eight Rules of Forum Content Policy, which should be read along with this Policy. 

1.0. Do not threaten, harass, or bully
We do not tolerate the harassment, threatening, or bullying of people on our site; nor do we tolerate communities dedicated to this behaviour.
EdaFace Forum is a place for conversation, and in that context, we define this behaviour as anything that works to shut someone out of the conversation through intimidation or abuse, online or off. Depending on the context, this can take on a range of forms, from directing unwanted invective at someone to following them from sub-arena to sub-arena, just to name a few. 
Behaviour can be harassing or abusive regardless of whether it occurs in public content (e.g. a post, comment, username, sub-arena name, sub-arena styling, sidebar materials, etc.) or private messages/chat.
Being annoying, down-voting, or disagreeing with someone, even strongly, is not harassment. However, menacing someone, directing abuse at a person or group, following them around the site, encouraging others to do any of these actions, or otherwise behaving in a way that would discourage a reasonable person from participating on Forum crosses the line.
To report Harassment, please visit this page. 

2.0. Do not post violent content
Rule 1: Remember human civility. 
Everyone has a right to use Forum free of harassment, bullying, and threats of violence.
Do not post content that encourages, glorifies, incites, or calls for violence or physical harm against an individual (including oneself) or a group of people; likewise, do not post content that glorifies or encourages the abuse of animals. 
We understand there are sometimes reasons to post violent content (e.g., educational, newsworthy, artistic, satire, documentary, etc.) so if you’re going to post something violent in nature that does not violate these terms, ensure you provide context to the viewer so the reason for posting is clear.
If your content is borderline, please use a tag. Even mild violence can be difficult for someone to explain to others if they open it unexpectedly.
Some examples of violent content that would violate the Rule are:
• Post or comment with a credible threat of violence against an individual or group of people.
• Post containing mass killer manifestos or imagery of their violence.
• Terrorist content, including propaganda.
• Post containing imagery or text that incites, glorifies, or encourages self-harm or suicide.
• Post that requests, or gives instructions on, ways to self-harm or commit suicide.
• Graphic violence, image, or video without appropriate context.
Note that health misinformation, namely falsifiable health information that encourages or poses a significant risk of physical harm to the reader, also violates the Rule.

To report Violent Content, please visit this page.

2.1. What do I do if someone talks about seriously hurting themselves or is considering suicide? 
When you see a post or comment about suicidal feelings in a community, it can be overwhelming, and you may feel like you don’t know what to do. But you can help, and there are resources available for you and the person you’re worried about.  
EdaFace Forum will be partnering with service providers (partnership not yet confirmed) to provide EdaFace Forum users who may be considering suicide or seriously hurting themselves with support from trained Crisis Counsellors.

3.0. Promoting Hate Based on Identity or Vulnerability
Rule 1: Remember human civility. 
EdaFace Forum is a place for creating community and belonging, not for attacking marginalized or vulnerable groups of people. Everyone has a right to use EdaFace Forum free of harassment, bullying, and threats of violence. Communities and people that incite violence or that promote hate based on identity or vulnerability will be banned.
Marginalized or vulnerable groups include, but are not limited to, groups based on their actual and perceived race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, immigration status, gender, pregnancy, or disability. These include victims of a major violent event and their families. 
While the rule on hate protects such groups, it does not protect those who promote attacks of hate or who try to hide their hate in bad faith claims of discrimination.
Some examples of hateful activities that would violate the rule:
• Sub-arena community dedicated to mocking people with physical disabilities. 
• Post describing a racial minority as sub-human and inferior to the racial majority.
• Comment arguing that rape of women should be acceptable and not a crime.
• Meme declaring that it is sickening that people of color have the right to vote. 
Additionally, when evaluating the activity of a community or an individual user, we consider both the context as well as the pattern of behaviour. 

4.0. What constitutes spam? Am I a spammer?
Spam on EdaFace Forum is generally defined as repeated, unwanted, and/or unsolicited actions, whether automated or manual, that negatively affect EdaFace Forum users, EdaFace Forum communities, and/or EdaFace Forum itself. Spam is a violation of the EdaFace Forum User Agreement and Content Policy (hyperlink please), punishable by content removal and account suspension or termination. As spam-like behaviors evolve, EdaFace Forum will continue to adjust how we mitigate and prevent the spread of spam content.
If you detect spam or spam-like behavior, please contact us here.

5.0. How do I avoid being labelled as a spammer?
Post authentic content into communities where you have a personal interest.  
If your contributions to EdaFace Forum consist primarily of links to a business that you run, own, or otherwise benefit from, tread carefully, or consider advertising opportunities using our self-serve platform.
If you’re unsure if your content is considered spammy or unwelcome, contact the moderators of the community to which you’d like to submit. Sub-arenas may have community-specific rules in addition to the guidelines below.

5.1. The following are examples of behavior that may be considered spam and are subject to removal/suspension:
• Sending large amounts of private messages to users who are not expecting them.
• Repeatedly posting the same or similar comments in a thread, sub-arena or across sub-arenas.
• Repeatedly posting unrelated/off-topic/link-farmed content.
• Posting content that includes link redirects as a way to circumvent an existing domain block and/or to disguise a link’s source (excluding sub-arena sidebars).
• Linking to harmful third-party content, such as malware, phishing, deceptive pop-ups, etc.
• Programming bots that harm/break EdaFace Forum, including bots intended to promote content/products/services.

To report Spam, please visit this page.
Please note: you will receive an auto-response when submitting a spam related report. A human reviews each ticket but we will only respond when we need more information.

6.0. What constitutes vote cheating or vote manipulation?
Vote manipulation is against the EdaFace Forum rules, whether it is manual, programmatic, or otherwise. Some common forms of vote cheating are:
Using multiple accounts, voting services, or any other software to increase or decrease vote scores.
Asking people to vote up or down certain posts, either on EdaFace Forum itself or through social networks, messaging, etc. for personal gain.
Forming or joining a group that votes together, either on a specific post, a user's posts, posts from a domain, etc.
Cheating or attempting to manipulate voting will result in your account being banned. Don't do it.
To report Vote Manipulation, please visit this page. 

7.0. Is posting someone's private or personal information acceptable?
No. EdaFace Forum is quite open and pro-free speech, but it is not acceptable to post someone’s personal information or post links to personal information. This includes links to public Facebook pages and screenshots of Facebook pages with the names still legible.
Posting someone's personal information will get you banned. When posting screenshots, be sure to edit out any personally identifiable information to avoid running afoul of this rule.
Public figures can be an exception to this rule, such as posting professional links to contact a congressman or the CEO of a company. But don't post anything inviting harassment, don't harass, and don't cheer on or upvote obvious vigilantism.
To report a Personal Information violation, please visit this page. 

8.0. Never Post Intimate or Sexually Explicit Media of Someone Without Their Consent
Respecting the privacy of others means being mindful of the impact of posting someone’s picture or video. In particular, you can cause serious harm when posting something that was shared in private and wasn’t ever intended to be shared in public. 
Rule 3 prohibits sharing intimate or sexually explicit media of a person created or posted with or without their permission. 
Intimate media include a depiction of the person in a state of nudity or engaged in any act of sexual conduct, including depictions that may have been faked. Images or video of intimate parts of a person's body, even if the person is clothed or in public, if contextualized in a salacious manner (e.g., "creepshots" or "upskirt" imagery), are also prohibited. 
The Rule applies to leaked, stolen or privately-shared images of an individual where the individual, or their representative, reports that they do not consent to the public sharing of the images. Additionally, images or video of another person posted for the specific purpose of faking explicit content or soliciting “lookalike” pornography (e.g. “deepfakes” or "bubble porn") is also against the Rule. 

9.0. Some examples that violate the Rule:
• Private sexting photos reshared with anyone other than the intended recipient, regardless of whether there was an intent to humiliate, intimidate, or to violate the person’s privacy. 
• Topless image of someone sunbathing in their garden, apparently taken without their awareness.
• Accidental nip-slip moment of a person in public caught on camera.
• Sharing nude shots of a famous model taken with their consent if they indicate they do not want those images shared publicly.
• Offering or soliciting stolen intimate or sexually explicit images of somebody.

Note that the rule does apply to media distributed commercially with or without the consent of those depicted; also, keep in mind our rules regarding respecting the intellectual property of others. 
To report non-consensual intimate media, you can use the inline report feature on the app or website, or you can visit this page.
If somebody has shared intimate images of you or somebody you know, click here for more information and support.

10.0. Do Not Post Sexual or Suggestive Content Involving Minors
EdaFace Forum prohibits any sexual or suggestive content involving minors or someone who appears to be a minor.
This includes child sexual abuse imagery, child pornography, and any other content, including fantasy content (e.g. stories, “loli”/anime cartoons), that depicts, encourages or promotes pedophilia, child sexual exploitation, or otherwise sexualizes minors or someone who appears to be a minor. Depending on the context, this can in some cases include depictions of minors that are fully clothed and not engaged in overtly sexual acts.
If you are unsure about a piece of content involving a minor or someone who appears to be a minor, do not post it.
To report content that Sexualizes Minors, please visit this page. 

11.0. Do not impersonate an individual or entity
EdaFace Forum does not allow content that impersonates individuals or entities in a misleading or deceptive manner. This not only includes using a EdaFace Forum account to impersonate someone, but also encompasses things such as domains that mimic others, as well as deepfakes or other manipulated content presented to mislead, or falsely attributed to an individual or entity. While we permit satire and parody, we will always take into account the context of any particular content. 
If you are being impersonated, or if you believe you’ve found content in violation of these guidelines, please report it here.

12.0. EdaFace Forum’s policy against transactions involving prohibited goods or services
Content is prohibited if it uses Forum to solicit or facilitate any transaction or gift involving certain goods and services.
You may not use Forum to solicit or facilitate any transaction or gift involving certain goods and services, including:
• Firearms, ammunition, explosives, legally controlled firearms parts or accessories (e.g., bump stock-type devices, silencers/suppressors, etc.), or 3D printing files to produce any of the aforementioned
• Drugs, including alcohol and tobacco, or any controlled substances (except advertisements placed in accordance with our Advertising Policy)
• Paid services involving physical sexual contact
• Stolen goods
• Personal information
• Falsified official documents or currency
• Fraudulent services
When considering a gift or transaction of goods or services not prohibited by this policy, keep in mind that Forum is not intended to be used as a marketplace and takes no responsibility for any transactions individual users might decide to undertake in spite of this. Always remember: you are dealing with strangers on the internet.

13.0. Don't break the site
Don't break the site or do anything that interferes with normal use of the site. Do not interrupt the serving of Forum, introduce malicious code onto Forum, make it difficult for anyone else to use Forum due to your actions, block sponsored headlines, create programs that violate any of our other API rules, or assist anyone in misusing Forum in any way.










For the Footnotes
====================================

EdaFace Advertising Policy
1.0. Overview
EdaFace Advertising Policy (the “Policy”) governs all native adverts published on EdaFace platforms including EdaFace Forum and applies to all advertisers. If you would like to advertise on any of the EdaFace platforms, please contact our Sales teams at sales@edaface.com.
The Policy provides guidance to advertisers to publish high quality, honest, and useful ads to EdaFace users. Advertisers are responsible for the content of their ads. In addition to compliance with the Policy, ads published on EdaFace are required to comply with all known and relevant local laws and regulations along with EdaFace Content Policy, Privacy Policy, User Agreement, Ad Platform Terms, and all other EDA legal requirements (please, hyperlinked). 
This Policy is not legal advice.
The rules and guidelines in this policy are not exhaustive and Forum reserves the right to amend, update, and change the contents of the Policy at will and without notice.

2.0. Approvals and Viol	ations
Ads on EdaFace Forum are reviewed by our internal teams for compliance with the entirety of the Policy. The Policy is enforced globally unless noted otherwise. If an ad is rejected, the advertiser will receive a notification with a rejection reason. The advertiser will then have an opportunity to amend and resubmit their ad for approval. For more on process, see Ad Review (hyperlink please).
Continued violations and abuse of Forum’s advertising platform may result in the restriction and suspension of certain domains and accounts. 
Finally, EdaFace Forum reserves the right to reject, remove, or modify any advertisement, including advertisements not explicitly prohibited by the Policy at its sole discretion.

3.0. Prohibited Advertisements
The following products and services are prohibited on EdaFace Forum:
3.0.1. Products or Services in Violation of Trade Policies
EDA company respects local and international trade embargoes and sanctions.

3.0.2. Counterfeit Goods 
Principle: Creators and their original products should be protected on any EdaFace platforms. EdaFace aims to provide an ad platform that only offers ads for genuine and authentic products to our users. 
Policy: EdaFace prohibits the sale of or promoting the sale or resale of counterfeit goods.
Counterfeit Goods: Counterfeit consumer goods are inauthentic goods, often of inferior quality, made, promoted, or sold under another brand’s name without the brand owner's authorization. Sellers of such goods may infringe on either the trademark, patent or copyright of the brand owner by passing off their goods as made by the brand owner.
Examples of counterfeit goods include:
• Fake goods such as shoes, clothing, accessories, jewelry
• Inauthentic or forged artwork and digital goods
• Unlicensed or inauthentic collectibles or memorabilia
• Forged currency  
If you are concerned about an ad violating Reddit’s counterfeit policy, please file a report through our webform here.

3.0.3. Products or Services that Facilitate Illegal, Fraudulent or Misleading Behavior 
Principle: For the protection of our users, Reddit aims to ensure all ads are safe and free from abusive or predatory behavior.
Policy: Reddit prohibits products or services that facilitate illegal, fraudulent, or misleading behavior on or off the platform.
Examples of products or services that facilitate illegal, fraudulent or misleading behavior (non-exhaustive list):
• Products or services used for hacking or obtaining unauthorized access into wire, electronic, or other networks
• Products or services used to inauthentically inflate metrics, followers, clicks, impressions, traffic
• Promotion of products that facilitate spam
• Products or services used to produce inauthentic documents, certifications, credentials, or work product
• Products or services that obscure the transparency of the blockchain
• Products or services that assist in the evasion of law enforcement activities
• Unlawful, unsubstantiated, or improbable financial products or services including get rich quick schemes, multi-level marketing, investment, or pyramid schemes 
• Keygens, hacking, or cracking tools used to circumvent copyrighted or proprietary content
• Cheating services related to paper writing, buying essays, test taking

3.0.4. Obscene, Offensive, or Inappropriate Content
Principle: Ads on Reddit should be relatively family friendly and non-exploitative. 
Policy: Reddit prohibits advertising the dissemination of obscene, offensive, or inappropriate content, products, or services.
Examples of obscene, offensive, or inappropriate content:
• Depictions of intolerant or overly contentious cultural topics
• Use of vulgar words, images, or videos
• Sexually explicit content, products, or services
• Attempts to capitalize on tragedies, health crises, natural disasters, or acts of mass violence
• Nudity or implied nudity within the creative or on the landing page 

3.0.5. Deceptive, Untrue, or Misleading Advertising 
Principle: Don’t lie or mislead EdaFace Team or EdaFace users in your ads.
Policy: EdaFace prohibits advertisements that are deceptive, untrue, or misleading. Advertisers must ensure the content of their ad is verifiable and truthful.
Examples of deceptive, untrue, or misleading advertising:
• Irresponsible use of the word “free”
• Not disclosing terms and conditions for collecting personal information and data
• Making exaggerated claims without proof or evidence by a reasonable basis
• Using overly provocative or sensational content
• Misleading or deceptive use of data
• Promotion of malicious software
• Unverifiable claims or statements
• False information passed off as fact or truth 
• Withholding information on pricing, terms, or expenses

3.0.6. Weapons and Related Products
Principle: Products advertised on EdaFace, regardless of their legality, should not pose risk of or promote real, implied, or potential violence or bodily harm.
Policy: EdaFace prohibits advertisements for weapons and related products.
Examples of hazardous products or services include, but are not limited to:
• Explosive materials, fireworks, or explosives of any kind
• Weapons and guns including accessories, ammunition, and safety parts 
• Knives, bow and arrows, crossbows, brass knuckles, swords, spears
• Gun ranges, gun shops, and gun shows
• Firearm trainings, classes, certifications, licensing, or any other education or safety products or services
• Instructions on how to make weapons, guns, explosives, or any other related similar educational material
• Imitation firearms, antique weapons, toys, and weapons that look real or are otherwise prohibited by the law.

3.0.7. Tobacco
Principle: Products and services advertised on Reddit, regardless of their legality, should not have the potential to sicken, injure, or be addictive in a way that can adversely impact our users.
Policy: Reddit prohibits ads promoting the use, sale, manufacturing, and branding of tobacco, tobacco alternatives, and other tobacco-related products and services.
Prohibited Tobacco and Related Products and Services include:
• Tobacco products e.g. cigarettes, cigars, snus, chewing tobacco, flavored tobacco
• Alternative tobacco products and tobacco substitutes e.g. electronic cigarettes, vaporizers, hookahs
• All related and associated products e.g. rolling papers, vape dispensers
• Tobacco manufacturers
• Events and research sponsored by tobacco manufacturers
• Smoking cessation programs and products

4.0. Restricted Advertisements 
In addition to listed prohibitions, the Policy notes the following products and services have certain restrictions that must be complied with: 

4.0.1. Alcohol
Principle: Alcohol is a restricted vertical on EdaFace to ensure that advertisements are responsibly served across all markets and do not condone or depict irresponsible drinking.  
Policy: Advertising of Alcohol and alcohol-related products, including beverages that resemble alcohol (e.g. non-alcoholic beer) (“Alcohol”), are permitted on EdaFace. Advertising is subject to the restrictions listed below, industry advertising standards, and relevant local laws, and is only available in certain countries.
All advertisers must work directly with EdaFace Sales Representative. To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.

4.0.1(a). Direct Sale of Alcohol
Advertisements that promote the sale and purchasing of alcoholic products from the landing page of the ad are permitted on EdaFace.
Any permitted advertisements for the direct sale of alcohol are subject to industry standards, relevant local laws, and the restrictions listed below. 

4.0.1(b). Branding of Alcohol
Advertisements that promote and bring awareness to an alcohol brand and its products, but do not offer them for direct sales are permitted on EdaFace. Alcohol branding advertisements are subject to the restrictions listed below, industry standards and relevant local laws. 

4.0.1(c). Alcohol-Adjacent Goods and / or Services 
Advertisements regarding treatment for alcoholic addiction are not permitted on EdaFace. 
Advertisements for the Direct Sale, or Promotion, of Alcohol-Adjacent Goods and / or Services are permitted on EdaFace, and do not require you to work with a EdaFace Sales Representative.  Some examples of this type of advertising are: 
•	Alcohol-related paraphernalia including beer mugs, wine and shot glasses, bar equipment, brew kits
•	Alcohol-adjacent events that do not focus on consuming alcohol, e.g., an art and wine festival or a restaurant or bar opening 
•	Tours of breweries, vineyard, and distilleries that do not focus on consuming alcohol 
•	Trade publications and industry information
•	Classes and education opportunities, e.g., beer making and viticulture classes

4.0.1(d). Restrictions for Permitted Advertisements
Permitted Advertisements regarding the Direct Sale or Branding of Alcohol must:
•	Include the language “Drink Responsibly” in the advertisement copy or creative
•	Age-gate any advertisement landing pages
•	Only be served on communities permitted by EdaFace 
•	Comply with applicable laws and regulations
•	Comply with applicable industry advertising standards laid out by your country’s alcohol regulatory authority.  
Permitted Advertisements regarding the Direct Sale, Branding of Alcohol, or Alcohol-Adjacent Goods and Services must not: 
•	Glorify binge drinking and / or getting drunk
•	Encourage underage drinking, appeal to minors, or display minors in an ad
•	Associate drinking with social, financial, athletic or romantic success 
•	Be endorsed by a famous or other type of well-known person
•	Display imagery of sensitive, vulnerable, or impressionable groups
•	Display imagery of reckless behaviour while drinking, e.g., operating a vehicle or fighting or other acts of aggression
•	Display imagery of tobacco 
•	Display activities or locations where drinking would potentially or obviously be dangerous, unsafe, or unwise
•	Imply that drinking helps relieve stress or can solve issues
•	Imply that drinking is necessary or essential for a situation, e.g., a party where everyone is drinking
•	Imply any physical or mental health benefits or enhancements to drinking

4.0.2. Third-Party Rights
Principle: EdaFace aims to protect the third-party right and intellectual property of all rights holders.
Policy: EdaFace restricts the use of third-party rights in advertisements and usernames. This policy applies the protection of the following:
•	Copyright
•	Trademark
•	Rights to privacy or publicity
•	Personal or proprietary rights
Advertisers may be asked to provide documentation or evidence of authorization if requested by EdaFace.
In addition, EdaFace reserves the right to protect its trademark, logo, and all relevant branding. Please do not use or misuse EdaFace’s intellectual property unless you have permission to do so.
If you are a rights holder and would like to file a complaint related to a violation of your intellectual property or third-party rights, please submit your request here.

4.0.3. Gambling and Gaming Related Services 
Principle: To ensure legally compliant and transparent advertisers are allowed to advertise without exploiting or glorifying gambling and gaming.
Policy: Gambling and Gaming (“Gambling”) ads that promote the exchange of money or other items of value are permitted to run on EdaFace, but with certain restrictions. All gambling advertisers must be pre-approved and work directly with a EdaFace Sales Representative. Advertising is subject to the restrictions listed below, industry advertising standards, and relevant local laws, and is only available in certain countries.
To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.
4.0.3(a). Gambling and Gaming
Advertisements that promote any game of skill or chance, including lotteries, where money or other items of value are exchanged or at stake are classified as gambling.
Any permitted advertisements for gambling or gaming are subject to the restrictions listed below, industry standards, and relevant local laws.
Examples of gambling where money or other items of value are exchanged or at stake that require account management by EdaFace sales under this policy:
•	Online casinos, gambling, and games 
•	Sports betting and sports books
•	Fantasy sports
•	Brick and mortar casinos that promote gambling and other types of gaming
•	Contests and sweepstakes
•	State and national lotteries
•	Casino-themed gambling apps
•	Social gaming and gambling with others
•	Gambling for and with gaming skins
•	Tips and advice for gambling, sports, betting
4.0.3(b). Restrictions for Permitted Advertisements
As a restricted product, gambling and gaming ads on EdaFace must do the following:
•	Comply with applicable local laws and regulations
•	Comply with all applicable licensing requirements laid out by your regional gaming authority 
•	Comply with applicable industry advertising standards laid out by your regional or country’s gaming authority.  
•	Only be served on communities permitted by EdaFace 
•	Include terms and conditions of all games, including information on odds of winning in creative or on the landing page 
•	Avoid targeting or appealing to minors or support-related users
4.0.3(c). Gambling and Gaming Prohibitions
•	Ads for gambling addiction and treatment programs
•	Ads that encourage or glorify gambling or gaming are prohibited 
•	Unrealistic claims or guarantees of winning are not allowed 
•	Must not appeal to minors
•	Display imagery of sensitive, vulnerable, or impressionable groups
•	Display imagery of alcohol, tobacco, or other controlled substances 
4.0.3(d). Exceptions to the Policy
•	Games that are free and where no money or other items of value are exchanged or at stake 
•	Brick and mortar casinos that emphasize non-gaming elements, e.g., hotels, parties, restaurants
•	Gambling related paraphernalia including, e.g., card counters, dice, boards
•	Trade publications and industry information

4.0.4. Political Advertisements
Principle: On EdaFace, we aim to promote transparency and dialogue in the political ads published on our platform.
Policy: Political ads are permitted to run on EdaFace, but with certain restrictions. All political advertisers must be certified and work directly with a EdaFace Sales Representative. To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.
What are political advertisements on EdaFace?
•	Ads related to campaigns or elections, or that solicit political donations;
•	Ads promoting political merchandise (for example, products featuring a public office holder or candidate, political slogans, etc); 
•	Issue ads or advocacy ads pertaining to topics of potential legislative or political importance
•	Ads placed by political organizations
Political ad requirements:
•	Compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the Federal Elections Commission
•	Inclusion of clear “paid for by” disclosures within the ad text or ad copy of the ad
•	Information regarding the purchasing individual or organization to be publicly disclosed in EdaFace’s transparency platforms
Political ads on EdaFace will be required to use the link-post format to ensure communities have the opportunity to share and generate discussion about the ad. Communities that share the ad will be aggregated and linked to in the comment section of the ad. 
Ads that promote voter registration or the act of voting are not subject to this policy, providing they are placed by non-political organizations. Ads that discourage voting or voter registration are prohibited.
When working with EdaFace, please understand that our sales teams are unable to help with standard advertising services.

4.0.5. Unofficial Resale of Event Tickets 
Ads for the unofficial resale of event tickets, including fake and counterfeit tickets, are prohibited on EdaFace. 
Authorized third-party resellers are permitted to run ads on EdaFace. 

4.0.6. Live Animals and Animal Products
Principle: To protect the welfare of all animals and aid in the conservation of endangered species. 
Policy: Animal adoption, conservation, or welfare organizations are permitted to run ads on EdaFace.
Examples of animal prohibitions:
•	Commercial and private sale of live animals
•	Unauthorized or unlicensed adoption agencies
•	Animal products derived from endangered species - for reference, see World Wildlife Fund’s list of endangered species (please hyperlink to: https://www.endwildlifetraffickingonline.org/coalition-prohibited-wildlife-policy). 

5.0. Financial/Cryptocurrency Products and Services
Principle: EdaFace is dedicated to running ads for financial products and services, including products and services related to decentralized finance and cryptocurrencies, that are transparent, legitimate, and compliant with applicable regulations and legal frameworks. All advertisers of these products and services on EdaFace must be vetted and, when required by law, licensed and approved by the appropriate regulatory authority.
Policy: EdaFace restricts ads related to financial products and services, including products and services related to decentralized finance and cryptocurrencies. In addition to complying with this policy, all advertisers must also comply with all applicable and local laws, rules, regulations, licensing requirements, and industry standards.
Ads may be subject to pre-approval, and advertisers may be requested to provide additional information and documentation to confirm the legitimacy of the products and services being offered by them at EdaFace’s sole discretion. In addition, some products and services under this policy require direct management from a EdaFace Sales Representative.
To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.

5.1. Restricted Financial/Crypto Products and Services 
Advertisers with proper licensing and registration from applicable government agencies and regulators are permitted to run ads for financial products and services, including products and services related to decentralized finance and cryptocurrencies. These products and services may include:
•	Traditional banking products and services
•	Financial planning and investment advice, including when given by professional advisors or through tax-filing services, budgeting apps, or other personal finance tools 
•	Mortgages, car, student, and other personal loans, and other loans and lending products
•	Home, car, personal, and other insurance policies
•	Contracts for difference, forex trading, and spread betting
•	Payment processing and money transmission, including through crypto wallets 
•	Credit and debit cards, inducing crypto debit and credit cards 
•	Exchanges, crowdfunding portals, broker-dealers, and other types of trading platforms, including crypto exchanges
•	Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and NFT marketplaces
•	Financial/crypto educational or business resources, including employment opportunities
•	Networking/professional events about financial/crypto products or services
All advertisers promoting decentralized financial and crypto products and services, must be pre-approved and work directly with a EdaFace Sales Representative. 
Advertising for these products and services is subject to the restrictions listed in this policy, industry advertising standards, and relevant local laws, and is only available in certain countries.
To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.

6.0. Prohibited Financial/Crypto Products and Services
Ads for the following financial/crypto products and services are never allowed on EdaFace:
•	Single securities, stocks, bonds, and other types of individual and tradable financial assets 
•	Single tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other types of individual and tradable crypto assets, including ads for ICOs, IDOs, and other types of token sales
•	Penny stocks
•	Unlicensed or uninsured banks or fintechs that provide bank-like products or services
•	Debt-assistance and debt-collection programs
•	Payday loans or predatory lending
•	Crypto loans
•	Get-rich-quick and pyramid schemes, multi-level-marketing programs, and celebrity endorsements
•	Staking or liquidity pools, mixers, and tumblers 
•	Non-hardware crypto mining products and services
•	Bail and bearer bonds
•	Trading bots
Ads for financial/crypto products and services offered by decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) without any centralized legal entity providing the products and services are also prohibited on EdaFace.

7.0. Creative and Ad Targeting Prohibitions
Ads for financial/crypto products and services must never:
•	Make unrealistic, exaggerated, or unsubstantiated claims
•	Mention offering of high-margin trading facilities, e.g., offering "50x" or "100x" leverage
•	Make or imply guarantees, e.g., suggesting a particular investment will make you rich
•	Target minors, protected classes, or related EdaFace users
•	Be served inside any country where the advertiser is not legally able to offer the advertised product or service
•	Encourage investment in one particular coin, token, NFT, or crypto product specifically, in such a way that attempts to artificially pump volume into that particular product or otherwise engages in "pump and dump" activities
•	Suggest or imply that the advertiser is regulated or associated with a particular regulator when this is not the case

8.0. Health and Wellness 
Principle: EdaFace is dedicated to running health and wellness advertisements, including for pharmaceuticals, that are safe, well researched, and are compliant with applicable regulations and legal frameworks. All health and wellness advertisers on EdaFace are vetted, and when applicable, licensed and approved by all relevant regulatory authorities.
Policy: EdaFace restricts ads related to health and wellness products and services. In addition to the policy, all health and wellness advertisers must comply with all applicable and local laws, rules, regulations, licensing requirements, and industry standards.
All health and wellness ads are subject to pre-approval and you may be requested to provide all necessary documentation to confirm the legitimacy of the products and services offered at EdaFace’s sole discretion. In addition, some health and wellness products and services require direct management from a EdaFace Sales Representative.
To contact EdaFace Sales, please click here.

8.1. Pharmaceutical Drugs, Drug Manufacturers, and Medical Devices
Advertisements that promote over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs, drug manufacturers, or medical devices are permitted on EdaFace. All advertisers promoting over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs, drug manufacturers, or medical devices must be approved by the FDA or its international equivalent.
All over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs, drug manufacturers, and medical devices advertisers must be managed by a EdaFace Sales Representative. 
If you want to place advertisements for prescription pharmaceutical drugs, please, contact EdaFace Admin.

8.2. Pharmacies
Advertisements for online or brick and mortar pharmacies that are accredited by the relevant authority or its international equivalent are allowed on EdaFace. In addition, appropriately accredited vet pharmacies are permitted on EdaFace.
All pharmacy advertisers must be managed by a EdaFace Sales Representative. 

8.3. Healthcare Providers and Medical Services
Advertisements for licensed and FDA approved (or international equivalent) healthcare providers and medical services are allowed on EdaFace. Examples of permissible advertisers include, but are not limited to:
•	Licensed medical professionals and clinics
•	Telehealth providers 
•	Testing services including family planning, genetic testing, and testing for disease
•	Clinical trials

8.4. Supplements    
All advertisements for supplements are subject to and must comply with all applicable healthcare and wellness industry standards, relevant local laws and regulations, and the restrictions listed below. Finally, permitted ads may only be served on communities permitted by EdaFace. Additionally, such advertisements must:
•	Contain legible disclaimers
•	Not make unsubstantiated claims
•	Not promise unexpected or unrealistic results; including before and after photos
•	Not imply prevention, diagnosis, or cure
•	Not imply supplement is as effective or more effective than an FDA approved drug or medical treatment 

8.5. Products and Services Prohibitions
Advertisements for the following products and/or services are prohibited: 
•	All non-FDA (or international equivalent) approved drugs or medical devices
•	All drugs or supplements that contain opioids, ephedra, codeine, anabolic steroids, or HGH  
•	Ads for addiction and treatment centers 
•	Ads specifically mentioning pregnancy termination (General family planning services and mentions are fine, as are clinics that perform terminations. Only the termination service itself may not be mentioned in the ad.) 
8.6. COVID-19 
Advertisements for products and services related to COVID-19 are allowed on EdaFace. Examples of permissible products and services include:
•	FDA (or international equivalent) approved take home test kits 
•	PPE - hand sanitizer, gloves, facemasks, etc
•	Information about COVID-19 vaccines and testing locations

8.7. Creative and Ad Targeting Prohibitions
EdaFace also enforces the following ad creative and ad targeting restrictions on advertisements for health and wellness products or services. Advertisements cannot:
•	Make unrealistic, exaggerated, unsubstantiated claims about the effectiveness of a drug or supplement
•	Make guarantees, e.g., implying, suggesting, claiming that the drug or supplement being advertised is guaranteed or needed to cure an ailment or improve one’s abilities 
•	Make claims there are no side-effects or that they cannot cause harm
•	Use imagery or text on the ad or landing page that appeal to minors
•	Suggest that one must take a drug or supplement
•	Target minors, sensitive groups, or support related Forum sub-arena users
•	Serve ads outside of the country that they are located in 

9.0. Recreational Drugs
Principle: Products and services advertised on EdaFace, regardless of their legality, should not have the potential to sicken, injure, or be addictive in a way that can adversely impact our users.
Policy: EdaFace restricts ads promoting the use, sale, manufacturing, and branding of recreational drugs and other related products and services.

9.1. Prohibited Recreational Drugs and Related Products and Services
•	Recreational drugs including, but not limited to, cocaine, cannabis, methamphetamine, psilocybin mushrooms 
•	Drug paraphernalia including, but not limited to, bongs, pipes, grinders, clothing
•	Products that facilitate, or are associated with, the production of recreational drugs
•	Facilities that produce recreational and illicit drugs
•	Cannabis dispensaries
•	Events and research sponsored recreational drug producers
•	Rehab facilities

10.0. Editorial Requirements
The quality and style of ads should be functional, legible, and accurate. 

10.1. Video Advertisements 
Video ads are available on EdaFace and are required to comply with the following guidelines:
•	Video ads must maintain high quality audio and visuals
o	No blurry images, illegible text, or distorted videos
o	Strobing, flashing, or other distracting visuals are not allowed
•	Video ads must be relevant to what’s being advertised
•	Thumbnails and video content must be appropriate for general audiences
•	Spoken language in video ad must match the text in ad copy

10.2. Mature Rated Media 
Mature rated media and videos are permitted with the following considerations:
•	MPAA (or country-equivalent) rated-R films
•	TV Rating MA (or country-equivalent) shows
•	ESRB Rated MA (or country-equivalent) video games
•	A digital film or show from an established subscription-based streaming service
In addition, mature content such as “red band trailers” must be appropriately labeled if they contain shocking, graphic, or profane content. 

10.3. Style Policies
Ads on EdaFace should look professional and enhance the user experience. Clear and concise ads are also likely to produce desired results for the advertiser. 
Below are guidelines to ensure effective communication on EdaFace:
•	Use correct grammar, spelling, and punctuation
•	No more than 50% of the ad copy should be capitalized
•	Don’t use excessive emojis, symbols, or punctuation
•	Unless directed by law or regulatory authority, do not use personal information in your ad
•	Avoid images that are low quality, unreadable, or unintelligible. This includes images that are excessively cropped, edited, blurry, or incomplete
•	Non-English ads must be appropriately targeted to the region or country where the language is widely used

10.4. Quality
Ads on EdaFace should be clear about the product or service they offer. To ensure ads meet the highest quality and editorial standards, EdaFace requires the following:
•	Ads clearly and accurately represent the product, brand, or service being promoted
•	Ads do not purposely withhold information as a way to entice clicks (clickbait)
•	Ads do not promote single articles or advertorials 

10.5. URL and Landing Page Policies
The landing page of an ad should maintain the same level of quality expected from the ad running on EdaFace. 
Landing pages are required to do the following:
•	Display URL matches landing page URL
•	Advertised product and service on EdaFace is available on landing page
•	Functionality of landing page should not spam users, prevent leaving, exploring the page, contain non-function links or buttons
•	Content on the landing page must comply with EdaFace Forum Content Policy and Advertising Policy 
•	Even if landing page is consistent with the promotion on the ad, prohibited and restricted products must not be easily available or linked to on the page
•	Language on landing page must be consistent with language on ad

11.0. Targeting Guidelines
Get familiar with the types of targeting we don’t tolerate including general rules and a list of sensitive groups you can never target here.
11.1. General Rules and Prohibitions
There are some high level and general rules for targeting on EdaFace:
•	These targeting rules apply to both positive targeting (i.e. including attributes) and negative targeting (i.e. excluding attributes).
•	Advertisers are not allowed to use EdaFace’s tools to discriminate, or use their own data to positively or negatively target users, groups, or communities on EdaFace based on demographic information or personal attributes.
•	Advertisers are not allowed to use their own data or EdaFace’s tools to inappropriately target people, groups, or communities on EdaFace. 
•	Advertisers may not advertise products or services in a location where those products and services are illegal.
•	Advertisers may not target minors under the age of 18
11.2. Targeting Sensitive Groups
EdaFace restricts the targeting of sensitive groups through our policy, product, and enforcement measures. 
Targeting people and communities with ads related to demographic and personal information may need prior approval from EdaFace:
•	Culture, Race, Ethnicity
•	Family and Relationships
•	Gender
•	Politics
•	Religion and Spirituality
•	Sexual Orientation
•	Age
•	Health status 
If you are advertising in housing, financial, or employment verticals, you are prohibited from targeting or running ads in any community that would fall into any category above.
You may not target communities in the following categories under any circumstance: 
•	Addiction Support
•	Medical & Mental Health
•	Trauma Support
•	Mature Themes and Adult Content 
11.3. Targeting Resources
For more information about how audience targeting works on EdaFace, your options for targeting, and our tooling, please visit our Help Center .
11.4. Ad Review
EdaFace’s advert review process is transparent and human, because that’s just how we roll. We have teams that review ads to make sure they comply with our policies. They try to review ads within 24 hours, but it may take longer in some cases.
Pro tip: Submit your ad for review at least 48 hours before you want your campaign to launch. That should give us enough time to review your ad.
11.4.0. What does the ad review process entail?
REVIEW
On our end: Pretty soon after you submit an ad, we’ll get to work reviewing it, holding your ad up to the same standards as every other brand on EdaFace. We’ll be scrutinizing your:
•	Post Copy 
•	Post images, including card image or video & thumbnail images
•	Landing Page 
•	Targeting 
•	Message - to ensure that it's professional, legitimate, and right for EdaFace.
On your end: From your Ads Manager > ADS tab, you’ll see a status of Pending Approval next to the ads we’re in the process of reviewing.
POST-REVIEW
Once the team has reviewed your ad, we’ll send an email to give you a status update.
•	If we approve your ad → it will start running, and its status will change to Active.
•	If we reject your ad → your ad won’t run, but its status will change to Not Approved. The email we sent will explain why we couldn’t approve your ad. 

12.0. Terms & Conditions: Advertisement Platform
Review the terms of our binding advertising platform contract.
These EdaFace Advertising Platform Terms (the “Platform Terms”) govern the access and use by you of the EdaFace Advertising Platform (the “Platform”) that EdaFace makes available to you to place ads on the Platform. If you have entered into a separate agreement in the form of an advertising insertion order (“IO”) with EdaFace , the IO governs with respect to that subject matter covered by the IO, but these Platform Terms (including the User Agreement, EdaFace Advertising Policy , Privacy Policy, Content Policy, and the supplemental terms and conditions (collectively, the “EdaFace Legals”), govern with respect to any additional subject matter. If you have not executed an IO with EdaFace, these Platform Terms govern with respect to all use of EdaFace’s advertising services. Please read these Platform Terms carefully as such access to the Platform constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Platform Terms, which establishes a contractual relationship between you and EdaFace.
12.1. The Platform
The Platform is intended to provide a means for you and/or any advertiser on whose behalf you use the Platform (“Advertiser”) to promote products and services by buying certain ad units offered by EdaFace (“Ads”). If you are accepting these Platform Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or other entity, you represent that you have the full legal authority to bind such entity to these Platform Terms. As an Advertiser, it is solely your responsibility to ensure that each of your Ads and their Ad materials complies with all applicable laws and regulations, the EdaFace Terms and Policies, and any applicable supplemental terms or other written instructions provided to you by EdaFace.
By submitting Ads to the Platform, you authorize EdaFace to place your Ads, Ad materials, and related approved technology on any property provided by EdaFace, including without limitation, EdaFace.com, the EdaFace mobile applications and any media and/or technology now known or hereafter devised. EdaFace may make certain tools available to you to assist in your development of Ad materials or in your trafficking or targeting decisions including without limitation, the EdaFace pixel or other measurement tools, EdaFace Custom Audiences, third party audiences, and/or the EdaFace Ads API (“Supplemental Ads Products”); however, even if you choose to utilize these Supplemental Ads Products, you remain solely responsible for any trafficking or targeting decisions, for destinations or landing pages related to your Ads, and for the advertised products and services themselves. You will not use the Platform to disseminate malware, spyware, or other malicious code, or otherwise violate any EdaFace Policy, including without limitation using any trafficking decisions and/or targeting in any discriminatory manner.
To ensure consistency with the requirements of the Platform, EdaFace may make certain formatting changes to your Ads, including, but not limited to, changes to size, placement, and positioning. You further acknowledge and agree that EdaFace can use your Ads and related content for EdaFace’s own marketing or promotional purposes. In its sole discretion, EdaFace may reject, modify, or remove a specific advertisement, campaign, or target at any time.
12.2. Account and Account Access
You may be required to create and maintain a EdaFace user account in order to sign up to order Ads on the Platform as an Advertiser. You may authorize individuals to access and use your Ads account. You are responsible for setting up, managing and revoking the access levels for your Ads account. You are responsible for all activity that occurs in your Ads accounts, including the actions of each individual with access to your Ads accounts. Any individual who may be granted access to an Ads account must comply with these Ads Platform Terms when using such Ads account.
12.3. Payments and Orders
In order to use the Platform, you will need to submit your credit card information to EdaFace’s payment processor in order to process payments or you will need to apply for a credit line. You are responsible for reviewing all applicable terms presented by the payments processor before submitting your information to them.
If you choose to pay for your campaign by credit card, certain information (including without limitation, images of your government issued ID, date of birth, address, email address, and/or phone number), may be required in order to verify your identity, provide the payment services to you and to comply with applicable law. You agree to provide such information to EdaFace and/or to any service providers or sub-processors at EdaFace’s request for such purpose as may be required for such authentication.
If you pay by credit card, you authorize EdaFace to charge the credit card for any amounts and fees you incur in connection with your use of the Platform. You are responsible for ensuring that your credit card is up-to-date. Subject to applicable law, you authorize EdaFace to (i) retain your credit card information as long as necessary to meet all of your payment obligations to us or until such time you revoke authorization, whichever is later, and (ii) to share your credit card and related payment information with EdaFace’s service providers, such as payment processors and/or credit agencies as reasonably necessary for EdaFace to accept credit card payments such as for payment, verifying credit and/or fraud detection. If EdaFace does not receive payment from your payment card issuer, their agents, or from your alternative payment method, you remain obligated to pay EdaFace for any orders delivered, and agree to pay all amounts due upon request from EdaFace or its agents. You agree to pay any sales, value added or similar taxes that are required to be collected under applicable law. Late payments bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month or the highest rate permitted by law.
EdaFace may offer a credit line to select Advertisers who have completed a credit review application and agreed to applicable terms. If you have a credit line in good standing with EdaFace, you will be invoiced monthly for Ads run in the previous month and payment shall be due within 30 days of receipt of the invoice. EdaFace is not obligated to deliver any ads in excess of your credit limit. Any extension of the approved credit line shall be at EdaFace’s sole discretion and may be subject to an additional credit review. Further, EdaFace may decrease a credit line at its sole discretion.
When you use the Platform to submit an Ad, you will tell us the information required to initiate and target your campaign, which may include the type of advertising you want to buy, the target audience, the maximum amount you want to spend, the start and any end date of your campaign, your objective, and your maximum bid, your daily budget, and total budget. Once your Ad is approved, EdaFace will serve the Ad when inventory on the Platform becomes available that matches the criteria associated with your Ad, including your bid. When serving your Ad, EdaFace will use reasonable means to ensure that the Ad is delivered according to your criteria, but EdaFace does not guarantee in every instance that your Ad will reach users with your selected criteria, reach the users that you intended when you selected the criteria, and/or deliver any specific result. You will pay for your use of the Platform after your Ad is delivered based on EdaFace’s calculation of amounts due and EdaFace’s measurement of the applicable billing metrics, such as impressions, views or clicks. Amounts due are exclusive of taxes.
You will not and will not authorize any third party to generate invalid or fraudulent impressions, clicks, or other desired actions with respect to the Platform or to use any unauthorized means to extract advertising or performance-related data from the Platform. You acknowledge that third parties may generate impressions, clicks, or other desired actions with respect to your advertisements for prohibited or improper purposes. Your sole remedy for any prohibited or improper third-party conduct with respect to the Platform is to make a claim for advertising credit within 45 days of the applicable invoice date (the “Claim Period”).
EdaFace’s Ad Server shall be the controlling measurement by which your campaign is billed.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU WAIVE ALL CLAIMS RELATED TO PAYMENTS OR CHARGES UNLESS THE CLAIM IS MADE WITHIN THE CLAIM PERIOD. ANY CREDITS WILL BE ISSUED IN EDAFACE’S SOLE, BUT REASONABLE, DISCRETION.
12.4. Editorial Adjacencies
The parties acknowledge that EdaFace consists of sites called subEdaFaces that primarily contain user generated content. As such, EdaFace makes no commitments regarding editorial adjacency, content adjacency, or competitive separation.
12.5. Modification or Cancellation of Campaign
Any cancellation or modification by you of a campaign must be done through your online account if it is an available feature, by written notice to your account representative at EdaFace (if applicable), or by email to EdaFace Admin. While you may request a cancellation or modification of your campaign at any time, there may be some period of time between your sending of a request and when your advertising campaign is actually cancelled or modified with respect to the Platform. You will be responsible for any payment obligations that accrue during this period at the unmodified rate.
For auction campaigns, if an account representative at EdaFace is working with you on your campaign, you authorize that representative to make modifications to your campaign on your behalf through the Platform. All modifications will be visible to you within your Ads account. Your continued participation in the campaign after such modifications are made, will constitute your acceptance of such modifications.
In its sole discretion, EdaFace may reject, modify, or remove a specific advertisement, campaign, or target at any time.
12.6. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that (i) you have full power and authority to accept these Platform Terms and any agreements incorporated or referred to herein; (ii) you have and hereby grant to EdaFace and its affiliates all the necessary licenses and clearances to use the content contained in your advertisements and advertising materials as specified in your order and subject to these Platform Terms; (iii) you are in compliance with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, regulations, and codes and EdaFace Policies which are applicable to your performance of these Platform Terms and proposed use of the Platform; and (iv) all factual information provided by you is true and accurate in all material respects.
If you are acting as an agent for an Advertiser or another entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority as the Advertiser’s or entity’s agent to bind such party to these Platform Terms and to the terms of each order, and that all of your actions related to these Platform Terms and each order will be within the scope of such agency.
12.7. Make-Goods
As EdaFace cannot ensure delivery of specific advertising content on the Platform, guaranteed delivery, even delivery, and make-goods are not available.
12.8. Beta Testing
From time to time, EdaFace may test certain Supplemental Ads Products (“Beta Products”) that you may opt-in to use during a test period (“Beta Period”). If you agree to participate, you understand that in addition to any disclaimers in these Terms, the Beta Product is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE”. EdaFace may change, withdraw, or terminate your use of the Beta Product, or discontinue the Beta Product (or any feature) at any time at our sole discretion. You will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide feedback, suggestions, comments or ideas and report issues or problems related to your use of the Beta Product (collectively, "Feedback") to your account representative in a timely basis. For the avoidance of doubt, any Feedback you provide to EdaFace shall be deemed to be non-confidential to EdaFace, and EdaFace shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis, without compensation to you. You further understand that your use of a Beta Product may be subject to product specific Supplemental Ads Product Terms and your continued use of the Beta Product indicates your acceptance of the Supplemental Ads Product Terms.
12.9. Disclaimers
ALL ASPECTS OF THE PLATFORM AND ITS PERFORMANCE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AS AVAILABLE, AND WITH ALL FAULTS. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER EDAFACE, NOR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS PARTNERS MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NONE OF EDAFACE, ITS AFFILIATES OR PARTNERS MAKE ANY GUARANTEE IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLATFORM, OR RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM.
12.10. Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11 (INDEMNIFICATION), A BREACH OF SECTION 6 (REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES), OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, INCURRED BY ANOTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF AN ORDER, THE USE OF THE PLATFORM, OR THESE TERMS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OTHER THAN YOUR PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER EDAFACE NOR ITS AFFILIATES MAY BE HELD LIABLE IN THE AGGREGATE UNDER THESE TERMS FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO EDAFACE UNDER THESE TERMS DURING THE 45 DAYS BEFORE THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING THOSE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY STATED IN THESE ADVERTISER MEASUREMENT PROGRAM TERMS IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
12.11. Indemnification
Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, third-party service providers, and licensors (the “EdaFace Entities”) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Platform, including your content, subject matter or targeting of any Ad, or use of any EdaFace Business Tools, (b) your alleged violation of these Terms, (c) your alleged violation of any EdaFace Policies, (d) your violation of applicable laws or regulations, or (e) your Ads materials. We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
12.12. Miscellaneous
Except as otherwise provided herein, including as to cancellation of active campaigns, either Party may terminate these Terms at any time upon notice to the other party, but continued or subsequent use of the Platform by you will be subject to the then-current version of these Terms in each instance. Sections 3, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13, and 14 will survive any termination of these Terms. All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms will be governed by California law, excluding its conflict-of-laws rules, and will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of San Francisco, California. You and EdaFace consent to personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue in those courts. Neither party will be treated as having waived any rights by not exercising--or delaying the exercise of--rights under these Terms. If a portion of these Terms is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the rest of the Terms will remain in effect. Unless they expressly so state, these Terms do not confer any benefits on any third party. These Terms set out all terms agreed between the parties and supersedes all other agreements or understandings between the parties relating to its subject matter, including previous versions of the Terms. If there is a conflict among the documents that make up these Terms, the documents will control in the following order: these Terms and the terms of any other document referenced in these Terms. All notices must be in writing and will be effective upon receipt. You agree to receive legal notices at the email address you provided when registering to use the Platform. Notices being sent to EdaFace must be emailed to admin@edaFace.com. These Terms do not create any agency, partnership or joint venture among the parties. Except as required by law, no party may make any public statement regarding the relationship contemplated by these Terms, without prior written approval of the other party. You may not assign any part of these Terms without our written consent. Any other attempt to assign is void. If you submit feedback or suggestions to us about our Platform, we may use your feedback or suggestions on an unrestricted basis and without compensation to you.
12.13. Changes to These Terms
EdaFace Forum may change or update these Terms from time to time in its sole discretion. If we do, we will let you know by revising the effective date at the top of the Terms. We encourage you to review the Terms whenever you access or use the self-serve interface. If you continue to use our Platform after changes to the Terms go into effect, you consent to being bound by the revised Terms. Except for modifications to these Terms by EdaFace under this Section 13, any amendment to these Terms must be agreed to in writing by both parties and expressly state that it is amending these Terms.
12.14. Supplemental Ads Product Terms
Other Ads products and/or services including the Supplemental Ads Products that you elect to use may also be governed by Supplemental Ads Product terms, which will be made available to you when you elect to use those specific products, services, and/or features. Any Supplemental Ads Product terms are incorporated by reference into these Terms when you use the associated product, service and/or feature. Any applicable Supplemental Ads Product terms will govern with respect to your use of such Supplemental Ads Product and any conflict or inconsistency that may exist with these Terms.














For the Footnotes
===================================

Forum User Agreement
Effective May 12, 2023
1.0. Introduction
EdaFace powers hundreds of thousands of distinct online communities. This User Agreement and your conduct make that possible. It makes the platform a fun, entertaining, and simplistically interactive. Therefore, pay attention to this Forum User Agreement.
This EdaFace Forum User Agreement (“Terms”) applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) provided by EdaFace Forum (“EdaFace,” “Forum,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).

By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services.
2.0. Your Access to the Services
No one under 13 is allowed to use or access the Services. We may offer additional Services that require you to be older to use them, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.

By using the Services, you state that:
•	You are at least 13 years old and over the minimum age required by the laws of your country of residence to access and use the Services;
•	You can form a binding contract with EdaFace, or, if you are over 13 but under the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms;
•	You are not barred from using the Services under all applicable laws; and
•	You have not been permanently suspended or removed from the Services.
If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or government entity, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these Terms.
3.0. Privacy
EdaFace’s Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect, use, and share information about you when you access or use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services, you consent to the collection and use of this information as set forth in the Privacy Policy.
4.0. Your Use of the Services
Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, EdaFace Forum grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to: (a) install and use a copy of our mobile application associated with the Services that is obtained from a legitimate marketplace on a mobile device owned or controlled by you; and (b) access and use the Services. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.

Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not, without our written agreement:
•	license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content;
•	modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content; or
•	access the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under the EdaFace Terms of Use.
We are always improving our Services. This means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities; we will try to notify you beforehand, but that won’t always be possible. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.
5.0. Your EdaFace Account and Account Security
To use certain features of our Services, you may be required to create a EdaFace account (an “Account”) and provide us with a username, password, and certain other information about yourself as set forth in the Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for the information associated with your Account and anything that happens related to your Account. You must maintain the security of your Account and immediately notify EdaFace if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your Account without your permission. We recommend that you use a strong password that is used only with your Account and enable two-factor authentication.

You will not license, sell, or transfer your Account without our prior written approval.
6.0. Your Content
The Services may contain information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, audio, streams, or other materials (“Content”), including Content created with or submitted to the Services by you or through your Account (“Your Content”). We take no responsibility for and we do not expressly or implicitly endorse, support, or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of Your Content.

By submitting Your Content to the Services, you represent and warrant that you have all rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to Your Content contained within these Terms. Because you alone are responsible for Your Content, you may expose yourself to liability if you post or share Content without all necessary rights.

You retain any ownership rights you have in Your Content, but you grant EdaFace the following license to use that Content:

When Your Content is created with or submitted to the Services, you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, distribute, store, perform, and display Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed anywhere in the world. This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with EdaFace. You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.

Any ideas, suggestions, and feedback about EdaFace or our Services that you provide to us are entirely voluntary, and you agree that EdaFace may use such ideas, suggestions, and feedback without compensation or obligation to you.

Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Your Content, we may, in our sole discretion, delete or remove Your Content at any time and for any reason, including for violating these Terms, violating our Content Policy, or if you otherwise create or are likely to create liability for us.
7.0. Third-Party Content, Advertisements, and Promotions
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users (“Third-Party Content”). Third-Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third party’s websites, products, or services. Your use of Third-Party Content is at your own risk and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Content.

The Services may also contain sponsored Third-Party Content or advertisements. The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.

If you choose to use the Services to conduct a promotion, including a contest or sweepstakes (“Promotion”), you alone are responsible for conducting the Promotion in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to creating official rules, offer terms, eligibility requirements, and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations which govern the Promotion (such as licenses, registrations, bonds, and regulatory approval). Your Promotion must state that the Promotion is not sponsored by, endorsed by, or associated with EdaFace, and the rules for your Promotion must require each entrant or participant to release EdaFace from any liability related to the Promotion. You acknowledge and agree that we will not assist you in any way with your promotion, and you agree to conduct your Promotion at your own risk.
8.0. Things You Cannot Do
When using or accessing EdaFace Forum, you must comply with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Please review the Content Policy, which is incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms and contain EdaFace’s rules about prohibited content and conduct. In addition to what is prohibited in the Content Policy, you may not do any of the following:
•	Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disable, disrupt, overburden, or otherwise impair the Service;
•	Gain access to (or attempt to gain access to) another user’s Account or any non-public portions of the Services, including the computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services;
•	Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any viruses, worms, malicious code, or other software intended to interfere with the Services, including its security-related features;
•	Use the Services to violate applicable law or infringe any person’s or entity's intellectual property rights or any other proprietary rights;
•	Access, search, or collect data from the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) except as permitted in these Terms or in a separate agreement with EdaFace (we conditionally grant permission to crawl the Services in accordance with the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file, but scraping the Services without EdaFace’s prior consent is prohibited); or
•	Use the Services in any manner that we reasonably believe to be an abuse of or fraud on EdaFace or any payment system.
We encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe violates these Terms or our Content Policy. We also support the responsible reporting of security vulnerabilities. To report a security issue, please email admin@edaFace.com.
9.0. Moderators
Moderating a subEdaFace is an unofficial, voluntary position that may be available to users of the Services. We are not responsible for actions taken by the moderators. We reserve the right to revoke or limit a user’s ability to moderate at any time and for any reason or no reason, including for a breach of these Terms.

If you choose to moderate a sub-arena of EdaFace Forum:
•	You agree to follow the Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities
•	You agree that when you receive reports related to a EdaFace sub-arena you moderate, you will take appropriate action, which may include removing content that violates policy and/or promptly escalating to EdaFace for review;
•	You are not, and may not represent that you are, authorized to act on behalf of EdaFace;
•	You may not enter into any agreement with a third party on behalf of EdaFace, or any subEdaFaces that you moderate, without our written approval;
•	You may not perform moderation actions in return for any form of compensation, consideration, gift, or favor from third parties;
•	If you have access to non-public information as a result of moderating a subEdaFace, you will use such information only in connection with your performance as a moderator; and
•	You may create and enforce rules for the subEdaFaces you moderate, provided that such rules do not conflict with these Terms, the Content Policy, or the Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities.
EdaFace reserves the right, but has no obligation, to overturn any action or decision of a moderator if EdaFace, in its sole discretion, believes that such action or decision is not in the interest of EdaFace or the EdaFace community.
10.0. Copyright, Trademark, the DMCA, and Takedowns
EdaFace respects the intellectual property of others and requires that users of our Services do the same. We have a policy that includes the removal of any infringing material from the Services and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Services who are repeat infringers. If you believe that anything on our Services infringes a copyright or a trademark that you own or control, you may notify EdaFace’s Designated Agent by filling out our Copyright Report Form or Trademark Report Form, or by contacting:

Copyright Agent
EdaFace
copyright@edaFace.com (email will be created)
(note: EdaFace copyright form will be patterned after this one… https://reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=73465). 
(note: EdaFace copyright form will be patterned after this one… https://reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=106573). 
Also, please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our Service is infringing, you may be liable to EdaFace for certain costs and damages.

If we remove Your Content in response to a copyright or trademark notice, we will notify you via EdaFace’s private messaging system. If you believe Your Content was wrongly removed due to a mistake or misidentification in a copyright notice, you can send a counter notification to our Copyright Agent (contact information provided above). 
11.0. Paid Services and Payment Information
There are no fees for the use of many aspects of the Services. However, some services, including EdaFace Premium and Virtual Goods, may be available for purchase (“Paid Services”). In addition to these Terms, by purchasing or using EdaFace Premium or our Virtual Goods, you further agree to the EdaFace Premium and Virtual Goods Agreement.

EdaFace may change the fees or benefits associated with the Paid Services from time to time with reasonable advance notice of material changes; provided, however, that no advance notice will be required for temporary promotions, including temporary reductions in the fees associated with the Paid Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.

You may submit your debit card, credit card, or other payment information (“Payment Information”) via our Services to purchase the Paid Services. We use third-party service providers to process your Payment Information. If you submit your Payment Information, you agree to pay all costs that you incur, and you give us permission to charge you when payment is due for an amount that includes these costs and any applicable taxes and fees. All transactions are final, and we do not refund or credit for partially used billing periods.
12.0. Intellectual Property
The Services are owned and operated by EdaFace. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code, products, services, trademarks, and all other elements of the Services (“Materials”) provided by EdaFace are protected by intellectual property and other laws. All Materials included in the Services are the property of EdaFace or its third-party licensors. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not acquire any ownership rights whatsoever by downloading Materials or by purchasing EdaFace Premium or Virtual Goods. Except as expressly authorized by EdaFace, and subject to EdaFace’s Brand Guidelines, you may not make use of the Materials. EdaFace reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in these Terms.
13.0. Indemnity
Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold EdaFace, its affiliates, and their respective, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, third-party service providers, and licensors (the “EdaFace Entities”) harmless from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense (including costs and attorneys’ fees) due to, arising out of, or in connection with: (a) your use of the Services, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations, or (d) Your Content. We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
14.0. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these Terms will prejudice the statutory rights that you may have as a user of the Services. Some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability as stated in this section, so the below terms may not fully apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the exclusions and limitations below shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, LEGAL, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE EDAFACE ENTITIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR FREE. EDAFACE DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER, INCLUDING MODERATORS. WHILE EDAFACE ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES SAFE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE EDAFACE ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES THAT IS ALLEGED TO BE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR RESULTING LOSS OF DATA. IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE EDAFACE ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100) OR ANY AMOUNT YOU PAID EDAFACE IN THE PREVIOUS SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING THOSE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE EDAFACE ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
15.0. Governing Law and Venue
We want you to enjoy EdaFace, so if you have an issue or dispute, you agree to raise it and try to resolve it with us informally. You can contact us with feedback and concerns here.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of the South Africa, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, and you and EdaFace consent to personal jurisdiction in these courts.

16.0. Changes to these Terms
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the revised Terms and update the Effective Date above. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing you with notice through our Services. By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services before the changes become effective.
17.0. Additional Terms
Because we offer a variety of Services, you may be asked to agree to additional terms, policies, guidelines, or rules before using a specific product or service offered by EdaFace (collectively, “Additional Terms”). All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms, and to the extent any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms, the Additional Terms govern with respect to your use of the corresponding Services.
•	If you use EdaFace Premium or Virtual Goods, you must also agree to the EdaFace Premium and Virtual Goods Agreement.
•	If you use the self-service platform for advertising, you must also agree to our EdaFace Advertising Platform Terms.
•	If you use our public API, you must also agree to our EdaFace API Terms of Use.
•	If you use EdaFace Gifts, you must agree to the EdaFace Gifts User Agreement.
•	If you use EdaFace Embeds, you must agree to the Embeds Terms of Use.

18.0. Termination
You may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your Account and discontinuing use of all Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your Account, your Account may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we may suspend or terminate your Account, moderator status, or ability to access or use the Services at any time for any or no reason, including for violating these Terms or our Content Policy.

The following sections will survive any termination of these Terms or of your Account: 5 (Your Content), 7 (Things You Cannot Do), 12 (Indemnity), 13 (Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability), 14 (Governing Law and Venue), 17 (Termination), and 18 (Miscellaneous).
19.0. Miscellaneous
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your access to and use of the Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent. We may freely assign any of our rights and obligations under these Terms.

These Terms are a legally-binding agreement between you and EdaFace, Inc. If you have any questions about these terms, please contact us.




