
18 February 2022
Hi Everyone.
EdaFace Seed Phase – First Time in Africa

We are starting our ICO Presales with a Private Sale, known as Seed Phase. 

Many of you have been involved in Presales, but many never had the opportunity of joining the Presales at its Seed Phase.

This is because the Seed Phase is a Private Sale to individual persons – often to relatives, friends, colleagues, etc. 

As a member on EDA Telegram, you are given the privilege to participate in the Seed Phase as a way of appreciating your membership.

Benefits of buying at the Seed Phase:
• You are buying at one of the lowest possible prices of Eda Token

• You are entitled to extra bonuses of your purchase.

• If you refer your family member or friend, you will receive a 10% referral bonus.

Commencement Date
The Seed Phase for EdaFace will start on 21st February 2022 from 17H00 (Pretoria Time).

Methodology
The step-by-step procedure to getting involved in EdaFace’s Seed Phase will be communicated in due time. It will be via EdaFace Launchpad.

Important Notice:
Note that EdaFace Seed Phase is making history as being the first of its kind in Africa. This is because EdaFace is set to be the face of crypto industry in Africa and beyond.

Risks
The associated risks in ICO Presales, and cryptos in general, are well documented in the Terms of Service on our website. Please, acquaint yourself with them.
  
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Many people on this platform have been involved in Presales of cryptos. However, I know many of you haven’t been involved at the Seed Phase sale of a Presale.

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hi Guys,
I’d like to share some interesting personal thoughts with you, titled: Processes to Produce a Genuine Crypto Coin (A).

Please, take few minutes to go through it. The estimated reading time is 10 minutes! Not too much, isn’t it?





Processes to Produce a Genuine Crypto Coin (A)
https://t.me/joinchat/WVQ5zfpu36MzZjRk   

Many people in the Crypto Market do not realize that there are processes to produce a crypto coin/token on a blockchain.

These processes can be summarized as follows:

(1). Idea Conceptualization
This is when the idea of a Crypto Project is being entertained. It requires identifying a need. But to do that you’ll need to understand the market. 

EDA School of Cryptocurrencies was very instrumental in helping us to identify the need, hence, EdaFace’s conceptualization.

(2). Team Formation
After you have identified the need, you’ll need to form a Team. Members of the Team have to be people that are passionate and knowledgeable about the Crypto Market.

EdaFace Project Team members meet such requirements. 

But you may wonder how we were able to get such members together to form a Team. The answer lies in our past engagements in the Crypto Markets.

Many of us were fully involved in other Crypto Projects such as Mining City, which created Bitcoin Vault and Electric Cash. We have seen the mistakes, failures, shortcomings, and success of these projects. Such experiences are great tools in carving out a good Crypto Project like EdaFace.

In fact, some of us were Manages in some of these Crypto Projects and that allows us to have good connectivity in the Crypto Industry. We are leveraging on this huge experience deposit to produce EdaFace.

Hence, you can see that we are not just a bunch of people that appeared from nowhere. We have good crypto history. 

Indeed, our profile shows that as at the beginning of this year (2022) we collectively have a combined 42 years of crypto experience as a Team. Wao! That is splendid, and that means you need to listen to us if you want to be successful in your crypto journey.

Processes to Produce a Genuine Crypto Coin (B)

(3). Funding
This has been a major obstacle to the realization of a good idea including crypto projects. 

If you borrow money to fund a Crypto Project, you are at the mercies of the creditors. These creditors may want to hijack the project and kill it in its infancy in their ambition to recoup quick profits.

Therefore, EdaFace Project Team members decided to fund the project from their pockets so as not to be liable to any unscrupulous creditor. 

This action will protect EdaFace and all of you that patronize the project as there is no creditor who will want to hijack the project for his selfish interest.

Nonetheless, EDA is entering some quality partnerships with key players in the crypto industry. As we move on, some of these partnerships will be unveiled.

The advantage here is that EDA is entering these partnerships on a position of strength and not weakness. Remember, he who pays the piper detects the tune. And EDA is the one that pays the piper!

(4). Construction
It is one thing to have an idea and another to materialize it into existence. That entails countless hours of sacrifice, trials and errors, sometimes outright failures, and then success.

The good news is that EdaFace Team is made up of vibrant young experts and technocrats from across Africa. Who says nothing good cannot come from Africa? That person must be an idiot.

The Team has crafted the components of EdaFace. It will interest you to note that there are actually 9 components of EdaFace that embrace all the 5 major sectors of human activities. 

For instance, we have developed a Digital Clinic, an intellectual property, to digitalise the healthcare system in Africa and beyond. Wow! First of its kind indeed!

To God be the glory!

*Processes to Produce a Genuine Crypto Coin (C)*

(5). Tokenisation
If you have good versatile projects that constitute an ecosystem like EDA, you definitely will want to have a native crypto that will be the utility token for the ecosystem.

EDA has successfully built a token with unique functionalities, taking into cognizance the dynamic movements of the Crypto Market. 

Believe it if we tell you that our token embodies the functions of Ether V2, Shiba Inu, Safemoon, Cardano ADA, etc. to produce a modern token for EDA Ecosystem.

It was a great challenge to build in all the contract functionalities into the token. 

However, the good news is that just four days ago, we have finally gotten all the functions built and tested. Deployment on the blockchain was successful. Wow!

Indeed, congratulations to all members of EdaFace Project Team, and especially those of you who stick here with us on EDA Platform. 

We produce the token specifically with you in mind, especially considering how people have bastardized Africans in the Crypto Market!

(6). How long is the Process?
You may wonder how long it takes to conceptualize an idea and brings it into fruition. 

The minimum is 6 months! Anything less than this will likely produce a shitcoin and a shit-project as is seen commonly in the Crypto Market.

Actually, the EdaFace Project Team has been working on the project for more than 8 months! The first project, the Digital Clinic, has taken about three years to be built!

(7). Challenges and Legality
Do we have challenges? 
A lot. In fact, some people who started with us have dropped out, and new members took their positions. 

I hope one day to share with you some of these challenges. The point is that they were interesting and as we surmounted each of them, we attained a higher accelerated breath.

As for legality, there is no way you can have a good project without a legal back-up. EDA is registered as a limited liability digital company with full censorship by our legal unit.

Again, to God be all the glory!

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

19th February 2021
EdaFace Telegram Platform Now Open
https://t.me/joinchat/WVQ5zfpu36MzZjRk   

As we build up for the Seed Phase that starts on 21st February 2022 at 17h00, the EdaFace Telegram platform is now open for anyone who wants to join the Seed Phase. 

Note this is yet to be announced for the rest of the crypto world. We are keeping to our promise to let those on EDA platform be the first partakers.

Here is EdaFace Telegram link: https://t.me/edaface

When you join the EdaFace Telegram platform, you can scroll around to read some information.

You can access EdaFace Launchpad and register in preparation for the Seed Phase.

Please, also note that EdaFace’s parent website is still under development. Due to some bugs and coding issues, the old website was taken down and destroyed and a new one has been built within the past 5 days. You’ll agree that is a record speed!

Indeed, you cannot afford to miss the Seed Phase; you may never have such opportunity again in the Crypto Market. Therefore, jump at it NOW.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

20th February 2022
Good News!

We have successfully deployed Eda Token (abbreviated EDA), the native token of EdaFace, on Binance Smartchain.

To forestall unscrupulous elements, the contract address of Eda Token will not be available. The contract address will be announced here at the right time.

This means you can only buy Eda Token via EdaFace Launchpad until listed in the market.

💥💥Buy Eda Token TODAY to join Eda Military (EDAM) at launchpad.edaface.com/login.🚀🚀
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Good News! Good News!!
https://t.me/joinchat/WVQ5zfpu36MzZjRk   

We have successfully deployed Eda Token (abbreviated EDA), the native token of EdaFace, on Binance Smartchain. 

It is a token with unique features such as:
• Anti-Dumping Mechanism
• Holders Incentive Mechanism
• Hyperdeflationary Mechanism
• Automatic BuyBack Mechanism
• LP Generation Function
• Referral Bonus
• Purchase Bonus
• Stakability Function

Indeed, Eda Token with at least 13 identified use cases is a real modern crypto, one of the first of its kind in the Crypto Market.

Join EdaFace Telegram so that you don’t miss the Seed Phase that starts tomorrow…https://t.me/edaface
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

What are the Steps to Buy at the Private Sale?

Step 1: Open an account with EdaFace Launchpad… https://launchpad.edaface.com/login  

Step 2: Open a Metamask or Trust Wallet (if you don’t have one already). 

Step 3: Fund your Metamask or Trust Wallet with the amount of BEP20 BNB you want to buy with. 

Step 4: The minimum purchase is 100 USDT. Any amount less than this will not qualify for the Private Sale.

Step 5: Pay into the EdaFace receiving Wallet address using BNB smart chain (BEP20): 0x701d1AB1A2Ef80d52B201E6450286b8eb01a290a

Step 6: 
In order to track your transaction on Binance Smartchain and credit your Launchpad Dashboard with your Eda Token at the commencement of the ICO, please, send the following information to the email address, eda.info20@gmail.com:

(a). The names you registered with on EdaFace Launchpad

(b). The Transaction ID of your purchase

(c). The BNB BEP20 wallet you used to make payment to eda.info20@gmail.com.

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Join EdaFace Telegram so that you don’t miss the Seed Phase that starts tomorrow…https://launchpad.edaface.com/login   

💥💥Join EdaFace Telegram platform so as to participate in the soon-concluding Eda Token Private Sale…https://t.me/edaface. 

The Private Sale is the Seed Phase, and remember, Seed Phase is not always available in the market for everyone. Often, it is for family members, friends, and selected people. Therefore, don’t miss Eda Token Private Sale!
 
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Important Announcement
https://launchpad.edaface.com/login

We’re making good progress in preparation for the Launching of the EdaFace with its Eda Token. We plan to launch with some of the components ready for usage.

Some of the components for Launching will be Crypto Reflector, Cex Reflector, and Dex Reflecor as well as the Digital Clinic and the School of Cryptocurrencies.

The utilization of these components will drive in more traffic for EdaFace.

Meanwhile, EdaFace’s website will be undergoing series of upgrades to meet the EdaFace’s high standard and in preparation for the soon-coming Launching.

Indeed, good days are ahead.

Note that the Launching of EdaFace with its Eda Token will mark the end of the Private Sale, and some of the juicy bonuses presently in the ongoing Private Sale will be terminated once Launching takes effect.

Therefore, don’t miss the Private Sale of Eda Token, which is the first of its kind in Africa.

Regards.
EDA Team.


Important Information
We have secured good seasoned marketers for promo. Most of these promo will start be activated soon as we get closer to Launching of EdaFace with its Eda Token. 

Hence, Eda Token is yet to be announced to the general Crypto Market. 

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
01 March 2022
Hi Guys,
Happy New Month!

Our seriousness

Some people are wondering whether we are really serious about EdaFace project.
Note the followings:

1. EdaFace is a project of EDA, which is an inspired long-standing vision. In other words, EdaFace is not an afterthought, but a well-crafted inspired project. 

2. EDA is a registered company; we won’t register if we are not serious. And we won’t register if we don’t have long-term view. You can see details of our registration in our Litepaper…

3. EDA is made of credible Team members and transparency is one of our key watchwords. In fact, many of you here know us.
Because we design the Private Sale specifically for people who have believed in us and have been supporting us, EdaFace platform is yet to own fully to the general Crypto Market. However, few days, possibly two weeks time, EdaFace will fully be opened to the general public.
In other words, take advantage of your early membership to acquire as much Eda Token as possible now that it is still in its Private Sale. That is how millionaires are born in cryptos, and there is no reason why you shouldn’t achieve financial freedom via EdaFace projects.

1. EdaFace is not an afterthought – it is an inspired vision of many years ago.

Buy Eda Token TODAY in its Private Sale to join Eda Military (EDAM) at launchpad.edaface.com/login.🚀🚀 To buy, see steps in the Pinned Message above...

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hey Everyone,

We’re about to launch into the deep waters of Crypto Market and open this platform for people to come in, which will mark the end of Eda Token Private Sale and the commencement of the ICO.

Therefore, hurry to acquire Eda Token now that it is still in Private Sale and the price ridiculously cheap. See the steps on how to buy the Private Sale in the Pined Message at the top of the platform.

EDA Team.
https://launchpad.edaface.com/login 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
14 March 2022

*Work for the Week*
Welcome Leaders to this eventful week.

It’s a week full of activities. Here are some of them. Please, identify your area and start to work on them right away. God bless.

(1). Iyk to contact Binance

(2). Vic and I will start Email and SMS marketing via Sendgrid. 
Sendgrid is a whole school that I have to study the past two weeks to know how to set up their API for sending messages. But I am almost done.

(3). I need to submit applications in some ICO platforms such as Hot ICO List

(4). We’ll need to pay Certik this week. Hence, Bro Iyk please let’s activate all those contacts (e.g. the Pastors) 

(5).Victoria should post at least 3 posts per day on each of our 5 social platforms – Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, Twitter, and Youtube.

(6). Victoria to boost at least one posting per each social media platform this week.

(7). Patricia should increase our likes on each social media platform – a minimum of 100 likes at each platform before the end of this week. Our Telegram should reach at least 2000 membership this week.

(8). Pat, Vic and I to train Jenene this week.

(9). We should be able to launch this week Friday. Hence, Iyk need sto put some pressure on Dubem to finalise the MVP platform.
I need to put pressure on Elizabeth and Jesse to finalise their work this week.

(10). Pat should get at least two influencers to sign our contracts so that they can start advertising EdaFace launchin.

(11). Pat should conclude arrangement with Daniele’s voice video. The need needs to be ready this week.

(12). Vic should conclude the Italian lady appointment.

(13). I’ll have to finalise an arrangement for the UI designer this week.

(14). I’ll have to complete the EdaFace Launchpad Whitepaper this week.

(15). I need to sign the contracts with George and Keith to start the Launchpad building. For some reason, Keith is delaying the contract signing.

(16). We need to make initial payment to George and Keith this week.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Dear Sir/Madam,
We will like to build partnership with your company that will help to promote blockchain technology and widespread adoption of cryptocurrencies across Africa.
Our name is Emerge Digito Afrika (EDA), a blockchain private (limited) company, duly incorporated under the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008, with company registration number: 2021/818038/07.
EDA has developed a number of products under a brand name EdaFace, which is a fully decentralized user interface aggregator that brings all the various functionalities of the crypto industry onto a single platform.
The EDA Team is made up of vibrant young experts and technocrats from across Africa and beyond. The Team has a combined 56 years of crypto experience and blockchain expertise. 
We believe partnering with your company will bring mutual benefits and more importantly advance the course of blockchain industry across Africa and beyond.
Therefore, we hope to hear from you very soon.
Regards.
Captain Adiari							Ikechukwu Ezeocha
CEO/Director, EDA						HOD of Finances, EDA 
Below is a summary of the identities of some of the Team members.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Content Video 1:
First Responder: 
Hi Friend:
Do you know that EdaFace is a fully decentralized user interface crypto aggregator that brings all the various functionalities of the crypto industry onto a single platform?

Second Responder:
That is, EdaFace is a crypto aggregator just like Coinmarketcap and Coingecko but with better features?

First Responder: 
On EdaFace, you can track your favorite cryptocurrencies, Centralized and Decentralized exchanges, and engage in Decentralised Finance (DeFi). 

Second Responder:
You can check, trade, and mint NFTs, monitor the metaverse world, transact in all forms of digital products such as digital music and books, as well as track crypto news, etc.

First Responder:
Do you know that you can also advertise, launch and crowdfund your crypto project via EdaFace Launchpad?

Second Responder:
But if you want to scam others, EdaFace has bad news for you! EdaFace does identify crypto scams via its Crypto Verification Centre, especially rug pulls, long before they occur. 

First Responder
In other words, EdaFace helps all crypto lovers to avoid scams. This is the first of its kind in the crypto industry.

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Content Video 2:

First Responder:
Hi Friend.
Do you know that Eda Token is the utility token for EdaFace and all EDA Ecosystem?

Second Responder:
Eda Token has a total supply of 100 trillion, of which 40% were burnt off permanently at creation, leaving just 60 trillion.

First Responder:
In addition, there is continuous Burning of Eda Token at 4% of every sale, thus ensuring progressive reduction in token circulation.

Second Responder
There is also Tax Mechanism to prevent whales or any person dumping Eda Token.
Moreso, there are Hyper-Deflationary Mechanisms that continuously reduce circulating amount.

First Responder:
In fact, there is 1% Periodically Automatic BuyBack of every sale, which ensures continuous further reduction of circulating amount of Eda Token.

Second Responder
Another good news is that there is 2% continuous token distribution to all holders. This mechanism will cause the amount of Eda Token in your wallet to keep growing. 

Both Responders:
That is, the longer you keep Eda Token the more money you make.

First Responder:
Furthermore, do you know that to ensure continuous increase in LP liquidity for all your transactions, 1% of every sale is added to liquidity?

Second Responder
What more is better than these? 
Do you know that you will receive:
(a). 10% Referral Bonus if your family members, friends, colleagues, or anyone buy Eda Token with your Referral Link?
(b). 3% Purchase Bonus for every amount of Eda Token you buy 

First Responder:
Interestingly, do you also know that just like Cardano, you can stake Eda Token and enjoy 5% growth rate every year?
Moreover, 1% of total Eda Token has been set aside for promoting welfare system among humanity.

Both Responders:
That is our vision --- Bringing You Financial Freedom!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Content Video 3:
Responder:
To buy Eda Token, all you need to do is to follow these three simple steps:

Second Responder:
First Step: Open an account with EdaFace Launchpad by signing up at launchpad.edaface.com. 
Note that you only need your name, email address and a secure password to sign up.

First Responder:
Second Step: Login to your EdaFace Launchpad account with your signed-up details and click on “Buy Token.” 
Then type in the amount of Eda Token you want to buy and then click on “Make Payment.” 

Second Responder:

Third Step: Select the Payment Process, agree with the Sales TCs, and click on Buy Token Now.
This will generate a transaction Order Number (TNX...) with a Receiving Wallet Address and the exact Amount to pay. 

First Responder
Fourth Step: Pay into the Receiving Wallet Address with the indicated Amount. 
In case you send a different amount, the number of Eda Token will update accordingly. The minimum amount for purchase is 20 USD.

Second Responder
Fifth Step: To speed up the verification process of your transaction, please enter your wallet address that you’ve paid from into the indicated place and click “Confirm Payment.”
The amount of Eda Token that you’ve bought will appear on the Dashboard of your Launchpad Account after 3 blockchain confirmations.

First Responder:
Note the following important information:
(a). Do not make payment through exchange (Kraken, Bitfinex). You can use MetaMask, Trust Wallet, or any BEP20 non-custodial wallet.
(b). EdaFace Launchpad only accepts BNB BEP20 or USDT Bep20

Both Responders:
Buy Eda Token TODAY to join Eda Military (EDAM) at launchpad.edaface.com.


🚀🚀 To buy, see steps in the Pinned Message above...
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The amount of Eda Token that you’ve bought will appear on the Dashboard of your Launchpad Account.
(c). The minimum amount for purchase is 20 USD.

The token balance will appear in your account only after transaction gets 3 confirmation and approved by our team.

your wallet address from where you're transferring your amount to our address.
For Confirmation of Your Payment
Insert your wallet address that you’ve paid from into the indicated place and click “Confirm Payment.” thi Note that you can do this step later.


(j). Stakability function that grows your token at 5% APY

💥💥Buy Eda Token TODAY to join Eda Military (EDAM) at launchpad.edaface.com/login.🚀🚀
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Dear Sir/Madam,

1.0.	Influencer Marketing Services
We intend to contract your services as an influencer to market our Company brand across various platforms.
We are EDA Holdings, a private (limited) company, duly incorporated under the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008, with company registration number: 2021/818038/07.
EDA has developed a number of products under a brand name EdaFace, which is a fully decentralised user interface aggregator that brings all the various functionalities of the crypto industry onto a single platform. For more, see www.edaface.com.

2.0.	Targeted Goals of Your Influencer Marketing Services
The targeted goals for contracting your influencer services are:
2.0.1. To daily increase the Company brand’s visibility across social and traditional media and in the crypto industry
2.0.2. To daily increase the clientele base of the Company
2.0.3. To daily increase the sale outcomes of the Company’s products
2.0.2. To attract business goodwill and favor for the Company

3.0. Contracted Duties
The identified activities (“Duties”) by which your influencer services will deploy in marketing our Company brand are, but not limited to, the followings:

3.1. Social Media Posting
3.1.1. Five postings every day on social media platforms
3.1.2. Each post should generate at least 1000 likes per day
3.1.3. Each post should generate at least 50 shares per day
3.1.4. Each posting should carry captions that direct traffic to Company’s social media platforms and websites.
3.1.5. Company’s Referral Link(s) will be provided to all the influencer’s sites for client sign-ups and purchases of Company’s products.

3.2. Youtube Video Promotion and Banners
3.2.1. To release advertisement video that introduces Company brand for posting on youtube 
3.2.2. The youtube release will be done every day.
3.2.3. To put up a short advertisement video banner that introduces Company’s brand.
3.2.4. The advertisement video banner will be posted in all social media platforms 
3.2.5. The advertisement video banner will be stationed throughout the duration of the contract and three months thereafter
3.2.6. Each video posting and the advertising banner should carry captions that direct traffic to Company’s social media platforms and websites.

3.3. Branding Events
This should cover, but not limited, to the following activities:
3.3.1. Content creation
3.3.2. Releasing Key messages 
3.3.3. Sending out Background stories
3.3.4. Production of quality articles 
3.3.5. Promo swaps, etc.
3.3.6. Each event should carry captions that direct traffic to Company’s social media platforms and websites.
3.3.6. Company’ s name and logo (brand) will be prominently displayed and promoted as Partner/Sponsor on the influencer’s sites.

3.4. Email and SMS Marketing
3.4.1. Periodical email messages about the Company brand to be sent out every week to all subscribers
3.4.2. Periodical SMS messages about the Company brand to be sent out every week to all subscribers

3.5. Consultation and Specials
3.5.1. To offer influencer marketing consultations as at when due that will guide the Company to maximizing its marketing advertisements.
3.5.2. Special mentioning of the Company brand in marketing on: 
• Radio
• Television stations
• Festivals
• Touring events, e.g. school tours
• Workshops
• Surveys and interactive Polling
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx










*MS Team meeting:*

*Date:*
17th March 2022

*Time:*
8.30pm (Abuja Time)
9.30pm (Pretoria Time)

*Meeting Link:*
https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_NzJkMTFjOTEtYjMwYi00ZTRlLThmMzEtYWYzZjU5MzdhMDY3%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%220b1f9691-801a-4858-8676-e85e7aa109c1%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2259a570f9-b58b-40e6-bee0-42947fc52377%22%7d

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

*Good News!*

We have successfully signed the contract for EdaFace Launchpad construction of all the Eight Divisions with GGT Solutions, a South African company.

Also, I’ve paid in 25% of the total amount (R3500) today so that construction can commence.

Below are the Proofs of Payment and the Contract Agreement.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

21st march 2022
ICO Deployment Meeting with Jesse

A. 30 ICO Phases
1. Smooth running
2. Pausing
3. Prices
4. Starting and Ending dates
5. Amount of allotted tokens

B. Referral
1. Referral bonus
2. Referral link
3. Purchasing bonus

C. Token Distribution
1. Total ICO allotted tokens – 11 trillion EDA
2. Total airdrop allotted tokens – 2 trillion EDA

D. Staking Function
1. Dashboard vesting
2. My Token Area 
- Token Balance
- Available Token
3. Staking 5% APY
4. Stake Button

E. Smooth Functioning of all Buttons
1. Buy Tokens
2. Transaction
3. How to Buy
4. Referral
5. Main Site
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

*Victory at Last! (A)*
Yesterday, 5th April 2022, we had a successful video shoot. But there were a lot of drama as follows:

1. It was postponed twice because Danielle, the white model, disappointed.

2. Thereafter, we searched frantically to get a white model to feature. All the places we went turned down for no obvious cogent reason.

3. Finally, Creatives Makhado promised to send us a white model.

4. The promised white model suddenly changed her mind at the last minute. Hence, the shooting was again postponed to a new date.

5. Just a day to the new appointed date, the studio owner, Simon, suddenly lied that his camera was no longer available, hence, he wouldn’t be able to shoot for us again. We pleaded frantically but he was adamant.

6. Hence, we started searching frantically for an alternative studio. I contacted 5 different studios including a UK-based man who operated a studio in Pretoria, yet there was no good promise. 

*Victory at Last! (B)*

7. All this while, I sensed demonic plan to frustrate the project. I started a one-man serial authoritative prayers.

8. Thus, it was not surprising Creatives Makhado suddenly agreed to shoot and edit for us at a much cheaper price.

9. With such victory, the Devil attacked again. Few hours after Creatives Makhado agreed to shoot the video for us, the black model, Nluwazi, suddenly changed her mind, not willing to be part of the whole deal. She claimed she would be working that day. She blocked Patricia’s phone calls.

10. Therefore, we started searching everywhere for an immediate replacement of the black model.

11. Of course I knew it was the Devil behind the whole thing. Hence, with such authoritative prayer mood, I decided to phone the black model, Nluwazi. She picked the call and agreed to shoot for us. 

12. But again the Nluwazi changed her mind and wouldn’t pick my calls again. 

13. I contacted Mr Solomon to get us an urgent black model as a stand-by. This was done.

14. I continued the authoritative prayers that finally forced the black model, Nluwazi, to send a message of apologies and came to the studio at the appointed time.

*Victory at Last! (C)*

15. The studio turned out to be Simon’s, the same man who lied that his camera was absent. He was surprised to see that his studio would be used to shoot for us by Creatives Makhado. God is wonderful!

16. The Devil tried the last fight. On realizing that the shooting was for us, Simon refused Creatives Makhado to do any shooting. Finally, he insisted we must pay him R1000 before we can shoot the video despite that there has been an agreement between him and Creatives Makhado.

17. Creatives Makhado was frustrated and opted for a new venue, which may not give us quality shooting. But after taken authority over the devilish attacks, I spoked privately with Creatives Makhado and an amicable solution was reached.

18. The white model was not the same person we expected. However, the shooting went ahead. 

19. The shooting became highly successful. The very camera that Simon lied and the same studio that he blocked us, were the same camera and studio the shooting took place. In fact, Simon apologized at the end of the shooting and everyone went back happy.

Shame on the Devil. To Jesus be all the glory!

Lessons to Learn
I choose to relay these facts, which may appear so simple, yet convey profound lessons. 

(1). EdaFace is of God, hence, the Devil wants to resist its success.

(2). We can only succeed with the help of God.

(3). We must start having serial prayers/fasting as we launch to dislodge all demonic stronghold.
Thus, every day, spend at least 10 minutes to pray for EdaFace and thank God for its success.

(4). It is not the time to be careless and depend on only physical strength. We will accomplish more, if we spend more time in real prayers and fasting to push EdaFace forward.

(5). In summary, if you desire EdaFace to succeed and make the money you want to make, then start prayers/fasting. 
Take our Tuesday’s Prayers/Fasting very seriously. Remember, we are going to make the kind of money we have never made, but we must be ready to sacrifice in prayers and fasting!

God bless.
EdaFace is a reality.
---------------------------------------------
Yesterday’s Video Shooting Expenses:
Total number of videos that were shoot: 3
Simon’s payment: R1000
Payment to Creatives Makhado: R850
Payment to white model: R750
Payment to black model: R300
Transport fare: R200
Total Expenses: R3100

Patricia was quite good at organizing the two models and ensuring good quality and correct pronouncement. Thanks, Pat.



you cannot do so by your ability.





