 
NFT Resources
v.1.0. 26092022


© 2022 EdaFace NFT Marketplace. All Right Reserved.


CONTENTS
Section One: What is NFT?	3
Section Two: Three Types of EdaFace NFTs	5
Section Three: The Global Rush for NFTs	7
Section Four: NFT Use Cases	8
Section Five: How to Invest in NFTs	10
Section Six: Profitability of NFT Investment	12
Section Seven: Some Terminologies of NFTs	13
Section Eight: NFT Marketplaces	14
Section Nine: Transactions on EdaFace Marketplace	18
Section Ten: How to Create NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace	20
Section Eleven: How to Buy NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace	23
Section Twelve: How to Sell NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace	27
Section Thirteen: EdaFace NFT Partnership	29
Section Fourteen: Conclusion	30


SECTION ONE:
What is NFT?
1.1. Definition
NFT is an abbreviation for Non-Fungible Token. NFTs are digital objects that represent both tangible and intangible items in the physical world.

1.2. The Characteristics of NFTs
To understand what an NFT is, consider the three characteristics of an NFT:

(1). Digital Representation
NFTs are not just digital currencies like other cryptocurrencies, but are actually digital objects created by blockchain technology that represent both tangible and intangible items in the physical world.

(2). Uniqueness
Physical money and other cryptocurrencies are “fungible,” meaning they can be traded or exchanged for one another. They are also equal in value – one dollar is always worth another dollar; one Bitcoin is always equal to another Bitcoin. 

Crypto’s fungibility makes it a trusted means of conducting transactions on the blockchain.
NFTs are different. Each NFT has a digital signature that makes it impossible for NFTs to be exchanged for or be equal to one another. This character is referred to as non-fungible.

An Example of Non-fungibility
If Phoster scores a spectacular goal in a world cup, he may decide to create 1000 digital pictures of his great goal via a blockchain and market them to his numerous fans. 
For these 1000 digital pictures to be regarded as NFTs, each of them must be digitally different even though they may all look the same.
What gives each of the 1000 pictures of Phoster’s world-class goal that uniqueness is the signature that Phoster encodes in them. Each of the pictures carries a signature that is different from the others. 
Thus, you cannot just exchange one of those digital assets with another just as you can easily exchange one dollar with another dollar or one Bitcoin with another Bitcoin. That means Phoster’s 1000 digital pictures are non-fungible. 

(3). Non-divisibility
Basically, an NFT cannot be divided into smaller pieces like other cryptos. For example, Bitcoin (BTC) can be divided into 8 decimal places (0.00000001 BTC). The smallest unit of Bitcoin is called a satoshi; thus, 1 satoshi = 0.00000001 BTC.
Likewise, Ethereum (ETH), the second largest crypto by market capitalisation, can be divided into 18 decimal places (the smallest unit 1 wei = 10-18 ETH). Also, Eda Token (EDA) can be divided into 18 decimal places.
But not so with NFTs. Each NFT is a completely non-divisible asset.

1.3. Ownership Fractionalisation
Despite that an NFT is not divisible, several people can come together and pay for a certain NFT. This is referred to as Ownership Fractionalisation. 
In other words, an NFT can have joint ownership, and any profits realised from trading such NFT are shared among the joint owners in proportion to the size of their ownership right.



SECTION TWO:
Three Types of EdaFace NFTs
1.1. Divisions
Based on what they represent, EdaFace has divided all NFTs into three types:

(1). Fine Art NFTs 
These are digital images of visual arts considered to have been created primarily for aesthetic purposes and judged for their beauty and meaningfulness. They include:
• Paintings
• Sculptures
• Drawings
• Watercolors
• Graphics 
• Architecture  

(2). Collectible NFTs
A collectible is typically a manufactured item designed for people to acquire as possession. 
Note that a collectible can be an item made without the intention of special interest but due to production fault, human error, nostalgia, or any event. In other words, a collectible does not necessarily have to be valuable or antique; its rarity or uniqueness kindle desire for the collectible to be sought after.
The digital image of a collectible can be traded as an NFT.
Popular collectible items include: 
• Stamps					• Ancient coins
• Rocks					• Family artifacts
• Religious relics, etc.

(3). Gaming NFTs
These are digitalised games that can be traded as NFTs. 
They include:
• Games, e.g. in-game accessories, in-game attires, rare-game assets, etc. 
• Sports, e.g. player’s cards, player’s stats, player’s best moves, player’s collectibles like their wearables of jerseys, T-shirts, shoes, equipment, etc. 

1.2. Metaverse
Metaverse is the conversion and iteration of the physical world into a virtual world that is facilitated by the use of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) headsets.
In other words, a metaverse is a network of 3D virtual worlds focused on social connection. 
Gaming NFTs are already prominent as part of the metaverse technology, which has rapidly grown in value to be more than 10 billion USD market capitalization.
EdaFace plans to develop its metaverse that will have a broad range of functionalities and applications beyond gaming.



SECTION THREE:
The Global Rush for NFTs
1.1. The Uniqueness of NFTs
NFTs are minted by a blockchain. Since they are on blockchains, it means anyone can view them online for free. 
So, you may wonder, why are people willing to spend millions of dollars on something they could easily screenshot or download?
One reason is that NFTs grant an exclusive ownership right. The unique data of NFTs makes it easy to verify their ownership and transfer tokens from one owner to another. Moreover, the creator’s signature gives originality to each NFT. 

1.2. Great Promise to All Industries
In other words, NFTs can confirm not only ownership but also authenticity. Plagiarism and illegal production will become a thing of the past. Meaning the days of proper remuneration for artistic and scientific works have arrived!
Indeed, these hold great promise to all industries and they are what drive the frenzied rush for NFT acquisition.
If you are a soccer fan, imagine getting an original artistic image of one of the great goals scored by the famous Brazilian player, Edson Arantes do Nascimento, popularly known as Pelé, during his professional career! Through NFT technology, that is possible!

Hurray!!!
NFTs are digital representations of the physical world! Meaning the days of wealth from artistic works have arrived! Don’t be left behind!



SECTION FOUR:
NFT Use Cases 
NFTs are an interesting group of cryptocurrencies, and their use cases promise to change many traditional ways of doing things. Some of these interesting use cases of NFTs are:
1.1. Entertainment
NFTs are featuring strongly in the entertainment industry, especially in games. 
You may be wondering, “so NFTs are only for entertainment?” Partly right. Entertainment has grown to be a huge business. In fact, the entertainment industry is one of the fastest growing, if not the biggest, financial industries in the world.
For instance, the global movies and entertainment market was valued at 80.98 billion USD in 2016 and grew to 91.83 billion USD in 2020. This market is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 4.1% to reach 114.93 billion USD by 2025.
With the rise of NFTs, this growth rate may be far exceeded.

1.2. Tokenisation
Besides entertainment, another force that drives NFTs is the monetary aspect. Since NFTs are cryptocurrencies, the currency for their transactions are cryptos. 
For instance, NFTs that are minted on the EdaFace Marketplace are bought and sold with EDA, the crypto token for EdaFace ecosystem. 
Because the tokens are tied to the NFTs, as more of the NFTs are traded, you expect the value of EDA to keep rising. This means if you are not interested in acquiring NFTs, you may choose to trade on EDA and still make good profits.

1.3. Future use cases
As the Crypto Market evolves, NFTs will gradually find other use cases for their existence such as:
(a). Licensing and Certification
NFTs can be used to verify licenses and certifications.

Imagine if a university crafts an NFT into each certificate it issues! What that means is that the originality of each certificate issued by the institution can easily be ascertained by checking its embedded NFT unique signatory features.
In that way, certificate forgery will be a thing of the past, and the university administration could save a lot of time and resources required for certificate verification by simply accessing such licenses with the functionalities of their NFTs.

(b). Control of Counterfeit tickets and Corruption in Sports
One common headache in public (and even some private) events such as world cup soccer is ascertaining the authenticity of entry tickets. Counterfeit tickets and corrupt merchandise are some of the critical issues that plague the sports industry.
However, NFTs can bring a solution to these plagues.
Imagine if Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), which is the world governing body of football, will issue an NFT for each world cup with its tokens! The fans acquire the tickets by simply buying the world cup NFT tokens. Imagine if each of the tickets sold carry the unique signature of identification!
This will not only be a source of revenue for the event, but it will also be a means for checking duplicated or forged tickets. It means the issue of counterfeit tickets and manipulations of tickets to favour some privileged people to the detriment of the soccer game will be a thing of the past.
Remember, the blockchain cannot be manipulated, hence such world cup NFT-inscribed tickets will be free from undue manipulations by any corrupt official.

(c). Family Legacy
Each NFT carries specific crypto traits such as fur patterns or eye colour for crypto cats. A user can purchase two different crypto cats and breed them by simply clicking on a button. The resulting new breed of kitten carry features of its own identity and Genetic Algorithm (GA).
In the same manner, parents and grandparents can breed new collectibles specifically for their family and such collectibles with specific genetic algorithm can be passed onwards through generations as family legacies.

Summary
Indeed, NFTs are in their early stage of growth and development. As innovations pour in, more use cases for them will emerge.



SECTION FIVE:
How to Invest in NFTs 
1.1. Introduction
Three generations of crypto millionaires have emerged in the Crypto Market. 
The first generation is the Bitcoin Millionaires, followed by the DeFi Millionaires, and the third wave of millionaires that are being born in the Crypto Market is the NFT Millionaires.
NFT is at its early stage of growth. Meaning, if you position yourself correctly, you can be among this third wave of millionaires.
How do you position yourself and invest profitably in NFTs?

1.2. Five Ways to Invest in NFTs
Presently, there are four ways you can invest in NFTs:
(1). Minting NFTs
To mint an NFT is to create or produce it from the blockchain. This is also known as “mining NFTs.” Just as you mine any other cryptocurrency from its blockchain, NFTs are also mined from blockchains.
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is a platform that you can utilise to mint your NFTs.
Thus, if you are an artist, a politician, a scientist, or in any profession, you can mint your unique NFTs on EdaFace NFT Marketplace.

(2). Merchandising NFTs
There are various ways you can merchandise NFTs:
(a). Day Trading
This involves buying and selling NFTs.

(b). Hodling 
This is buying an NFT and holding onto it until its price appreciates before selling it at a profit. Presently, this is regarded to be the most lucrative form of NFT investment. Indeed, time is money.

(3). Token acquisition
Some NFTs come with their tokens such as EDA. You use these cryptos to buy and sell the NFTs.
That means you can buy these cryptos and wait for their prices to appreciate. In fact, most people who get involved in NFTs usually do so by buying their cryptos. You can use such tokens, e.g. EDA, for yield farming or stake them to acquire more.

(4). Royalties
On EdaFace NFT marketplace, you have the option to program your NFT to be receiving royalties for all sales made just as you obtain royalties for publishing a book. This can create a lifelong passive income for the owner of the NFT.

(5). DeFi activities
As their use cases evolve, NFTs will undoubtedly feature in most decentralised financial activities such as lending and yield farming.
In fact, the use of NFT in collateralisation will be a strong feature of DeFi in the future. Some protocols have started to accept NFTs in liquidity pools. There is no doubt that NFTs will play significant roles in the rapidly growing DeFi activities.



SECTION SIX:
Profitability of NFT Investment 
1.1. Introduction
Indeed, the rise of NFTs is already birthing the third wave of millionaires in the Crypto Market. However, to acquire wealth from an NFT, the NFT has to be profitable. 

1.2. Factors that Influence NFT Profitability
The profitability of an NFT depends on these three factors:
1. Popularity
The NFT or the creator of your NFT has to be popular or famous and have a worldwide brand that a number of people know about.
You can understand why popular soccer players like Lionel Messi made millions from their NFT sale.

2. Scarcity
The NFT has to be rare and limited in quantity. According to the economic law of demand and supply, the scarcer an item is, the higher the price of the item. 
Thus, the rarer an NFT, the higher its market price, especially if it is an NFT that is also popular.

3. Use Case
Any NFT that has a well-defined use case will undoubtedly become profitable. The present euphoria associated with NFTs may die off as NFTs with more specific use cases appear more and more in the Crypto Market.
Therefore, don’t just buy any NFT and hope it will produce profits for you. Always check these three criteria before you invest in any NFT.



SECTION SEVEN:
Some Terminologies of NFTs 
You need to understand the following terminologies associated with NFTs:
1.1. Creator versus Owner
A creator of an NFT is often the first owner of that NFT. However, once the NFT is sold, the ownership right passes on to the buyer. 
In such situations, the creator ceases to be the owner of the NFT. If the buyer sells off the NFT to another person, the ownership is transferred to the new buyer.

1.2. NFT Smart Contracts
Besides the creator’s digital signature, an NFT can also have other terms and conditions built into it by the creator; these inbuilt terms collectively form the NFT Smart Contracts. Such terms and conditions often stipulate the requirements for transacting with the NFT. 
Notable terms and conditions built into NFTs are the royalties.

1.3. Discontinual Royalty versus Perpetual Royalty
In the traditional financial system, once an author sells a copy of his book, he receives royalty for that transaction and at the same time ceases to have any ownership claim of that body copy. 
This means if the buyer decides to resell the book, the author cannot claim any royalty from this secondary sell. This is what EdaFace School of Cryptocurrencies refers to as Discontinual Royalty.
However, NFT royalties are evolving in an opposite manner to what is obtained in the traditional financial system. Crafted into the NFT smart contracts are terms that allow the creator of the NFT to keep receiving royalties from the NFT any time such NFT is sold, no matter how many times it is sold.
That is, once an NFT is created, the creator will enjoy royalties from the NFT throughout the lifetime of the NFT. This is referred to as Perpetual Royalty. It is a new concept in the financial world, and it is rapidly gaining acceptance in the Crypto Market.



SECTION EIGHT:
NFT Marketplaces 
1.1. Introduction
NFTs are special types of cryptos. Not only do they have monetary value, but they also have aesthetic value. NFTs add beauty to the Crypto Market.
In a regular wallet, NFTs appear as tokens. Therefore, to be able to see the aesthetic side of an NFT, a different type of platform will be required. These platforms are known as NFT Marketplaces.
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is rapidly growing to be the most popular marketplace in the global crypto industry.

1.2. Six Characteristics of EdaFace NFT Marketplace
EdaFace NFT Marketplaces have the following unique characteristics:
(a). Offers Audiovisual Perception
It offers audiovisual perception of NFTs. That is, on EdaFace NFT Marketplace, you can see an NFT in its beauty and hear any sounds crafted into it.

(b). Does Not Store NFTs 
It does not have wallets and therefore does not store your NFTs. Hence, you will need to connect your wallet to EdaFace Marketplace to be able to see and hear the NFTs that are stored in your wallet.

(c). A Peer-to-Peer Platform 
It is a peer-to-peer platform. Meaning that EdaFace NFT Marketplace is a platform where the seller and buyer meet and transact their NFTs.

(d). Several Transactional Services
Besides buying and selling, EdaFace NFT marketplace offers other transactional services like minting, auctioning, etcetera.

(e). A Multichain Platform 
EdaFace Marketplace is a multichain platform, hence, accepts NFTs from different blockchains.

(f). Three Market Arenas 
There are three market arenas on EdaFace Marketplace – Art, Collectible, and Gaming arenas.

1.3. NFT Bridges
The question you may like to ask is: “Can I keep my NFTs in my regular wallets?” 
Yes, you can. Ethereum-based NFTs can be held in Ethereum wallets, BNB-based NFTs can be held in BNB wallets, etc.
You cannot send an Ethereum-based NFT to a BNB wallet, and vice versa.
However, note that the NFTs held in these conventional wallets will appear as tokens in the wallets just like any other cryptocurrency. 

For you to view the NFTs in your wallet, your crypto wallet will have to be connected to EdaFace NFT marketplace.
The digital connector that connects your wallet to an NFT marketplace is referred to as an NFT Bridge. 

1.4. EdaFace NFT Bridges
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is revolutionizing the NFT industry. EdaFace Marketplace has constructed NFT Bridges.
Thus, you can send your ETH-based NFT as well as BNB-based NFT from any Ethereum or BNB wallet to EdaFace Marketplace for advertisement and marketing.
Other bridges that will allow NFTs minted on any other blockchain to be sent to EdaFace Marketplace are being constructed.

1.5. Multichain Unique Platform
The unique thing about EdaFace NFT Marketplace is that it is a multichain platform. This means it can accept NFTs from different blockchains such as Ethereum-based platform and BNB-based NFTs. 
In fact, it should handle all the EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) supported chains as well as non-EVM supported chains, which are still in construction.
Examples of the EVM-supported chains that are part of EdaFace NFT Marketplace are:
Ethereum			BNB Smart Chain 
Solana			Polygon
Polkadot			Avalanche
Algorand			Huobi ECO Chain
Fantom			Arbitrum
OKEx Chain 			Cardano

1.6. The Three Arenas
EdaFace Marketplace is uniquely divided into three arenas. This division allows users easy access and navigation across EdaFace Marketplace.
The three arenas of EdaFace Marketplace are:
(1). Art Arena 
This platform holds all the Fine Art NFTs.

(2). Collectible Arena
This platform holds all the Collectible NFTs.

(3). Game Arena
This platform holds all the Gaming NFTs.



SECTION NINE:
Transactions on EdaFace Marketplace 
1.1. Types of Transactions
EdaFace Marketplace is becoming one of the most popular NFT marketplaces. 
On EdaFace Marketplace, the following transactions can be carried out:
(a). Create NFTs 
Creating an NFT is also referred to as Minting or Mining an NFT.

(b). Buy NFTs
On EdaFace Marketplace, you can buy an NFT as a Fixed Price or via an Auction.

(c). Sell any NFTs
You can send your NFTs from any crypto wallet to EdaFace Marketplace for advertising display and marketing.

1.2. What You Need for Transaction
To be able to transact on EdaFace NFT Marketplace, you will need the followings:
(1). Open a Crypto Wallet
The first thing you should have before starting to transact in NFTs is a good non-custodial crypto wallet. 
A good number of non-custodial wallets you can use on EdaFace Marketplace are available. Common ones are:
Metamask					Trust wallet
Binance Chain Wallet			MyEtherWallet
WalletConnect
For guidance on how to set up your non-custodial crypto wallet, check the following short videos here…. (hyperlink please)

(2). Open an account with EdaFace NFT Marketplace 
To Set Up your EdaFace Marketplace Account, follow these simple steps:

Step 1: Login to EdaFace NFT Marketplace: www.nft.edaface.com

Step 2: Click on “Connect wallet” on the EdaFace NFT Marketplace website and select your wallet. If your wallet is open, it will be connected.
What you have done is simply connecting your wallet to the EdaFace NFT Marketplace.

Step 3: Access Your NFTs
After connecting your crypto wallet, EdaFace NFT Marketplace will bring you to your account’s profile page where you can view any NFTs you’ve collected, created, or favourited on the site for potential purchase.

Step 4: Customise your EdaFace Marketplace account
Your default EdaFace Marketplace account will be “Unnamed.” To customize your account, use the “Settings” button at the topmost right of the platform.
Follow the on-screen prompts to set up some extra layers of security and to agree with the terms and conditions. You can then fill in your username, personal biodata and your email address.
Congrats, your EdaFace Marketplace account is set up and you are ready to transact with NFTs on the marketplace.



SECTION TEN:
How to Create NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace 
1.1. Introduction
Creating (also known as Minting) your own NFT artwork, whether it be a GIF or an image, on EdaFace Marketplace is a relatively straightforward process and doesn’t require extensive knowledge of the crypto industry. 

1.2. Step-by-Step Process
The following are simple steps that you can take to create your NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace:
Step 1: Decide on which blockchain you want to create your NFTs. The two most common blockchains are Ethereum Smart Chain (ESC) and Binance Smart Chain (BSC)
Ethereum smartchain has the largest NFT ecosystem but high charges (gas fees). Hence, it will be far cheaper to mint your NFT via BSC. 
Indeed, because of BSC cheap gas fees, speed and ease of use, many people are minting their NFTs through it and it will soon overtake the ESC ecosystem in NFT minting volume.

Step 2: Open a Crypto Wallet
A good number of custodial and non-custodial wallets you can use are available. Common ones are Metamask, Trust wallet, Binance Chain Wallet, MyEtherWallet, etc.

(For guidance on how to set up your non-custodial crypto wallet, check the following short videos here….(hyperlink please)).

Step 3: Fund your wallet
Depending on which blockchain to mint your NFT, you will need to have some amount of ETH or BNB in your wallet to pay the blockchain gas fees.
Gas fees are generally more expensive on Ethereum blockchain than on BNB Smart chain, which may be low as few cents.

Step 4: Login to EdaFace NFT Marketplace.
Go to the website of EdaFace NFT Marketplace and login: www.nft.edaface.com
EdaFace Marketplace is one of the foremost NFT marketplaces on Ethereum blockchain and BNB Smart Chain. 
Transactions on the platform are incredibly fast, within seconds, and it is much cheaper; it costs about 0.03BNB to create an NFT on BNB Smart chain.

Step 5: Click on “Connect Wallet” on the EdaFace NFT Marketplace website and select your wallet. If your wallet is open, it will be connected.
What you have done is simply connecting your wallet to the EdaFace NFT Marketplace.

Step 6: Click on “Create” button. 

Step 7: Select the NFT format you want to create. 
There are three formats in which you can create your NFTs:
• Single – for creating one NFT at a time
• Multiple – for creating multiple forms of the NFT  
• Collectible – for creating collections of different NFT

Step 8: Fill in your artwork details, which include artwork type, name, social media, portfolio link, and brief introduction.

Step 9: Upload the artwork image by clicking the + sign.

Step 10: Check the agreement box.
Note the terms of service. If you agree with the terms, you can proceed. The terms, which are meant to uphold originality, read this way:
“I declare that this is an original artwork. I understand that no plagiarism is allowed, and that the artwork can be removed anytime if detected.” 

Step 11: Click “Mint” and approve the transaction.
Congrats, you have created your NFT on EdaFace Marketplace.



SECTION ELEVEN:
How to Buy NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace 
1.1. Purchase Options
There are two options available for you to buy NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace:
(a). Fixed Price Purchase
(b). Auction Purchase

1.2. How to Buy NFTs with Fixed Price Purchase
Step 1: Find an NFT you’d like to purchase by exploring any of the three market arenas of EdaFace Marketplace.

Step 2: Review the collected information about the NFT.
There are four basic information you should look out for in any NFT:
(a). The Current Price of the NFT

(b). The Properties of the NFT
This information tells you about the uniqueness of the NFT. It includes:
• the Creator of the NFT
• the Birthday of the NFT (the year it was created)
• the current Owner of the NFT
• the various breed types of the NFT
• any special properties of the NFT

(c). Trading History
This information tells you about the rarity of the NFT. It includes: 

• the total number of the NFT that were minted
• the volumes of trade that have occurred with the NFT
• the various prices of transactions with the NFT that had taken place before

(d). Contract Details
This information will help you to identify the NFT. It has four essential details to look out for:
• Contract Address – the address by which the NFT is stored
• Token ID – the unique number that identifies the NFT
• Blockchain: identifies the blockchain in which the NFT can be seen, e.g. Polygon, Ethereum, Binance, etc.
• Token Standard – identifies the type of smartchain by which the NFT was created (e.g. Ethereum NFTs are ERC-721 while Binance is BEP-721)

Step 3: When you have reviewed the basic information of the NFT and you are satisfied with what you see, you can go ahead with the purchase by simply clicking the “Buy Now” button.

Step 4: You may be prompted by EdaFace Marketplace to review a few details about your purchase before finalization.
This is to ensure that you know exactly what you’re buying and also to prevent you from the scams of buying an unauthentic version of the NFT.

Step 5: Once you have checked all details, proceed to a checkout pop-up where you can review the final cost of your purchase.


You’ll be asked to agree to EdaFace terms of service, then you’re free to click the “Checkout” button to finalize your purchase.

Step 6: You will now be directed to your crypto wallet where you will see the final cost, which includes the blockchain gas fee. Click “Confirm” and the amount will be deducted from your wallet to pay for the NFT.
Congrats, you have bought your NFT.

To see the NFT you have bought in your wallet, return to your “Profile,” and select “Collected” on the left side of the page. There might be a slight delay until it shows up due to processing time, and you might need to refresh the page.

1.3. How to Buy NFTs in Auctions
Step 1: Find an NFT you’d like to buy in an auction by exploring any of the three arenas of EdaFace Marketplace.

Step 2: Review the collected information about the NFT as stated in How to Buy NFTs with Fixed Price Purchase (hyperlink please).
In addition, the information for review should include current offers to make sure you can place a bid. EdaFace Marketplace requires that bids must be at least 5 percent higher than the previous bid.

Step 3: If you are satisfied with the reviewed information, click the “Place Bid” button on the NFT page.

Step 4: You may be prompted by EdaFace Marketplace to review a few details about your purchase before finalization.
This is to ensure that you know exactly what you’re buying and also to prevent you from the scams of buying an unauthentic version of the NFT.

Step 5: Select the currency you'd like to place a bid on. There may be once-off fees if you bid in a currency you’ve never made a purchase with before.

Step 6: Enter the amount of your offer, accept EdaFace Terms of Service, and indicate an expiration date.
The expiration date allows you to pull your offer at that time, giving the seller a timeframe to make a decision on accepting an offer on non-competitive NFT auctions.
You can see a list of all offers made by returning to your profile and finding the “Offers” tab in the left-hand sidebar.
After you have placed an offer, what you do is to wait for the seller to accept your offer.
Of course, if you’re making an offer on an NFT you really want and there’s a lot of bids, you’ll want to monitor the bids and keep raising your offer. Like in traditional auctions, the highest bidder is the winner.



SECTION TWELVE:
How to Sell NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace 
1.1. Introduction
To be able to sell NFTs on EdaFace Marketplace, you will need EDA. Hence, you will need to fund your crypto wallet with EDA.
(For guidance on how to fund your non-custodial crypto wallet, check the following short videos here….).
To start selling, click on the EdaFace NFT Marketplace (www.nft.edaface.com) and connect your crypto wallet.

1.2. Step-by-Step Process
Once you have connected your wallet, you can follow these simple steps:
Step 1: Click on your Profile and select the NFT you would like to sell from your wallet.

Step 2: Click the “Sell” button in the upper right-hand corner of the NFT page.

Step 3: You’ll be prompted to choose the mode of sell – fixed-price sale or auction sale.
If you choose a fixed-price sale, you’ll have to put in the asking price.
If you choose an auction sale, you’ll also have to set the start price, price threshold, and expiration deadline.

Step 4: When you’ve completed all the required pricing information, you can then click the “Post Your Listing” button.
There are no direct fees for listing your NFTs for sale on EdaFace Marketplace. However, there are some fees that will be deducted by Edaface once the sale goes through.

Step 5: If this is your first time selling on the EdaFace Marketplace, you’ll also be prompted to “initialize your wallet,” which involves completing two one-time transactions:
(a). To initialize your account for making sell orders
(b). To allow EdaFace Marketplace to access your item (or all items in the collection, if the collection supports it) when a sale occurs. This may be needed if the item you are listing was not minted on EdaFace but through a custom NFT contract.
Since it is your first-time auction, you will also need to approve EDA for trading.
Remember, after this one-time initializing of your wallet, you will not be prompted to do so again. Hence, no need to be scared of a lengthy procedure. But if you have participated in a traditional auction, you will realize that EdaFace Marketplace’s procedures are not lengthy at all.

Step 6: After initializing your wallet, you’ll be asked to finalize the listing, confirm all the details, and post your NFT on the marketplace.
Congrats on listing your NFT on EdaFace Marketplace for sale.
You can view all the NFTs you have put up for sale by returning to your profile and selecting the “Activity” tab on the left-hand sidebar.



SECTION THIRTEEN:
EdaFace NFT Partnership  
1.1. Introduction
In line with its vision, EdaFace seeks to partner with creators and innovators to bring their creative and innovative ideas into NFTs. 
Hence, artists, scientists, sportsmen and women, musicians, authors, politicians, institutions, etc. are all welcome on board of partnership with EdaFace NFT Team, which consists of experts and marketers in the NFT industry.

1.2. Benefits of Partnership
(1). EdaFace NFT Partners will enjoy guidance from our industry leading experts on NFT structuring and development.
(2). EdaFace NFT Partners will also enjoy guidance on branding of their NFTs. 
(3). Once your NFT contents have been finalized, EdaFace experts will guide you on pricing and marketing.
(4). Our dedicated NFT Team will provide all the support that will make you feel comfortable using EdaFace NFT Marketplace and all other related EdaFace platforms and offer advise on best practices. 
If you are a newcomer to the NFT industry, be rest assured that you’ll never be left alone as our team will be with you to help you navigate your way successfully and make your profits.

1.3. What Does It Cost to be a Partner?
EdaFace NFT Team does not charge for partnerships or promotion. We only take our usual 1.5% fee on every transaction both primary and secondary sales. This is the lowest in the industry.

1.4. Where to Start
We are interested in multiple and collections of unique Fine Arts, Collectibles and Gamings as NFTs.
To get started, send us an email to admin@edaface.com, stating your details and what you plan to do, and we will contact you.

SECTION FOURTEEN:
Conclusion  
1.1. Contact Details
Email: support@edaface.com 
Contact Phone: +27 67 201 8677 (Victoria)
Physical Address: House 1, Block C, Mabopane, Pretoria 0190, South Africa.

1.2. Our Communities
Join our rapidly growing communities:
Facebook
Instagram
Telegram
Twitter
Youtube

1.3. Further Reading
For more on NFT please refer to:
(1). The Resource Centre of EdaFace NFT Marketplace (www.nft.edaface.com) 
(2). The School of Cryptocurrencies of EdaFace Academy (www.school.edaface.com) 
(3). Component 5 of “How to Use EdaFace” in The Resource Centre of EdaFace website (www.edaface.com) 

1.4. Legal Information
All rights reserved. This document, its logo and any other trademarks, remain the property of EDA (Pty) Ltd. No part of this document may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the prior written permission of EDA.
The information being provided in this document does not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice and you should not treat any of the contents as such. It is entirely for your information, education and entertainment. 
Do conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions.
EDA and its representatives strive to ensure accuracy of information provided in this document and on all its platforms although they will not hold any responsibility for any missing or wrong information. You understand that you are using any and all information available here at your own risk.
The appearance of third-party advertisements and hyperlinks in this document and on all other EDA platforms does not constitute an endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation by EDA. Do conduct your own due diligence before deciding to use any third-party services.
You also, hereby, acknowledge that you have read and agreed to all the Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and all the legal requirements of EDA as outlined on EdaFace website (www.edaface.com). 


