EdaFace Newsfeed
v.1.0.0. 20062022

Characteristics:
1. EdaFace Newsfeed delivers unique news from the crypto industry, blockchain world, and the digital space in general 
2. The news are constantly updating in real time
3. The news are presented with eye-catching beauty and in simplistic language that allows anyone including first-time users to understand their messages. 


Types of News

EdaFace Newsfeed carries various news items that are categorised into:
 Articles
 Community News
 Crypto News
 Editor's Picks
 Finance
 Headlines
 Interviews
 Market News
 Stock Market
 Uncategorized


Objectives
1. Users can see real-time updates on news across the digital world, especially the Crypto Market.
2. To increase traffic flow to EdaFace website.
3. To enhance Google search engine optimization for EdaFace website
4. To generate income from adverts
5. To generate income from Newsletter subscription.


Features
1. News outlet that update in real time.
2. Advertisement platform that will hold a minimum of 10 advertisements
3. Google Analytics to be added to the Newsfeed for analysis of activities on the platform.
4. Newsletter registration that will be linked to EdaFace Mailchimp
5. Premium news subscription
6. Link to Google Adsence
7. Automatic Posting of EdaFace news to EdaFace social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, and

Buttons that have been included in the Newsfeed are:
(i). Admin Button
This is where the Admin can sign into the backoffice of EdaFace Newsfeed Platform

(ii). Buy Eda Token
This button will be connected to Eda Token Launchpad so that people can buy Eda Token from the
Launchpad. (The launchpad URL will be submitted later).

(iii). Stake Eda Token
This button will be connected to Eda Token Staking Platform so that users can stake Eda Token on
EdaFace Launchpad. (The Staking Platform URL will be submitted later).

(iv). Submit Advert
This button is where project owners can submit their advertisements for publishing on EdaFace
Newsfeed Platform.
A Submission Form page will be created as follows:
Advert Submission Form
This is a form where a Crypto Project can submit their advertisement for placement on EdaFace
Newsfeed Platform.

Requirements for Submission
• EdaFace verifies any Project before listing it on its platforms. This is to prevent scams, protect the
users, and provide more value to users’ investments.
• Though EdaFace strives to prevent scams, users are advised to do their own research before using any
project. See EdaFace full legal requirements at the Footnotes.
• There are 11 Parameters that you will need to fill in this form and submit for your Project to be
advertised on EdaFace Newsfeed Platform.
• If you have all the required 11 Parameters ready, the process of Submission takes about 10 minutes.

The 11 Required Parameters
(1). Advertisement Banner
This should be in a pdf or a photo (jpeg, jpg, etc.) format
(2). Project Website link
(3). Social Media links
(a). Interactive media links, e.g. Facebook, Telegram, Twitter, Instagram, etc.
(b). Official video link
(4). Crypto Characteristics
Please, type in a brief description of your Crypto Project such as the:
• Crypto Project Name
• Blockchain type
• Use case
(5). Project Team
Submit the following details for each member of the Core Team and Advisory Team:
(a). Official Names
(b). National ID Number or Passport number
(c). Project Position/Title, e.g. CEO, CTO, etc.
(d). LinkedIn account
(6). Company Details:
EdaFace will need to confirm which company owns the Project you are submitting.
Required Company Details are:
(a). Registered Company name
(b). Company Trade name
(c). Company Registration Number
(d). Country of Registration
(e). Website of Country’s Registration body
(f). Date of Registration
(g). Registered Names of Directors
(i). Company Official Email address
(j). Company Official Phone number
(7). Proof of Company Registration Certificate
For Proof of Registration, you will need to upload a copy of Company Registration Certificate
 A copy of Company Registration Certificate uploaded
(8). Authorised Person Profile
The person submitting this Project application for advert placement on EdaFace Newsfeed Platform
must be either an Official Member of the Company or an Authorized Representative with permission to
represent the project and information given in this application.
Proof of your involvement and permission to represent the company and submit this application will be
required.
(a). Authorised Person Direct Telegram Message (*Please input your telegram link to directly contact
you).
(b). Authorised Person Email Address
Note that only email address of the Project website is accepted, e.g. sales@edaface.com. No public
email such as yahoo mail, gmail, etc. will be accepted.
(c). Please describe your involvement with the Project you're submitting. If your involvement is not
listed please specify your role.
 Founder/Team Member
 PR/Marketing Agency
 I am not a Representative of this Project in any way
(d). Upload a Proof of Authorisation Letter from the Company that shows you have the authorization to
submit this Advertisement.
 Proof of Authorisation Letter has been uploaded
(9). Terms and Conditions
Before you make any payment, please review the Terms and Conditions and all other legal requirements
of EdaFace and EDA Ecosystem in general.
Specifically note that:
(a). Pornography or X-rated project will not be listed
(b). Payment is made only with Eda Token
(c). All payments are non-refundable
(d). Your Advertisement will be displayed at the next available space.
I have read and I agree to all the Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, Privacy
Policy, and all legal requirements of EDA
(10). Make Payment
See the Price List for Advertisement on EdaFace Newsfeed Platform.
To make payment with Eda Token, click here… https://launchpad.edaface.com/login.
Submit Transaction ID on https://launchpad.edaface.com/login.
Please, indicate:
(a). I have made payment
(b). Transaction ID submitted
(11). Submit Your Presale
• Before you click on the Submission Button, please be sure that ALL the above 10 Required Parameters
for Advertisement on EdaFace Newsfeed Platform have been entered. Any missing parameter may
delay the placement of your advert.
<<<>>> Submit your Project by Clicking here <<<>>>




Pricing
The Price List for Advertisement Placement on EdaFace Newsfeed Platform can be viewed here... https://news.edaface.com/pricing/.
