











How to Use EdaFace
(The Structure of EdaFace)












SECTION 1: Introduction
EdaFace is a user interface aggregator that brings all the various functionalities of the crypto industry onto a single platform.
EdaFace is the face of the crypto world; fully decentralized with a beautiful design to make crypto transactions simple, fast and secure.
On EdaFace, you can track your favorite cryptos, Cex and Dex, and engage in DeFi. You can check, trade, and mint NFTs, monitor the metaverse world, transact in all forms of digital products such as digital music and books, as well as track crypto news, etc.
You can advertise, launch and crowd fund your crypto project via EdaFace Launchpad.
But if you want to scam others, EdaFace has bad news for you! 
EdaFace does identify crypto scams via its Crypto Verification Centre, especially rug pulls, long before they occur. In other words, EdaFace helps all crypto lovers to avoid scams. This is the first of its kind in the crypto industry.

















SECTION 2: Four Characteristics of EdaFace
EdaFace has four main characteristics:
• Decentralisation
EdaFace has a decentralized system, which is in keeping with the key feature of cryptocurrencies that eliminates centralization. This offers users trustless and permissionless interaction with the Crypto Market via EdaFace and, in addition, anyone can list his project as long as the terms and conditions of listing are met.

• Simplicity
EdaFace is simple and easily navigatable by anyone. As such, both newcomers and experienced users in the crypto industry will enjoy the ease of using cryptocurrencies.

• Beautiful design
Besides being a simple platform, EdaFace also has a modern, beautiful design outlook that makes interaction in the crypto industry quite friendly and welcoming.

• Security
EdaFace platform is safe, secure and reliable. It offers one of the world’s most sophisticated security systems. Indeed, the security of your crypto transactions is one of EdaFace’s topmost priorities.











SECTION 3: Four Levels of EdaFace Structure
To make it easier for the user to understand EdaFace and be able to navigate easily through its platforms, the structure of EdaFace is methodologically arranged into four (4) levels:
Level 1: Components
EdaFace has nine (9) Components, which are:
• Component 1: Crypto Reflector
• Component 2: Centralized Exchange Reflector
• Component 3: Decentralized Exchange Reflector
• Component 4: Crypto Verification Centre 
• Component 5: NFT Marketplace
• Component 6: Digital Literature Reflector
• Component 7: Eda Digital Mall
• Component 8: Eda Academy
• Component 9: Digital Clinic 

Level 2: Compartments
Each Component is divided into Compartments. Some Components have just two Compartments while some others have upto four (4) Compartments.

Level 3: Divisions
Each Compartment is further divided into Divisions. There may be two or more Divisions for each Compartment.

Level 4: Anatomy
Each of the Division is organized in such a way that it is easy to navigate and offers speedy transactions. The structural organization of the Division is what is known as the Anatomy. Thus, the Anatomy is the framework of EdaFace.

Mnemonic
You can easily remember EdaFace structure with this mnemonic: CCDA:
C = Components
C = Compartments
D = Divisions
A = Anatomy
This is the structural format by which EdaFace has been built.























COMPONENT 1: CRYPTO REFLECTOR
This component can be seen under the Cryptocurrency column on EdaFace website.
Can you identify the Compartments of the Crypto Reflector on EdaFace website? There are 4 of them:
(1). Listing Platform
(2). Peer-to-Peer trading platform
(3). Advertisement Platform
(4). Trending Platform

LISTING PLATFORM 
This is a platform for listing of cryptocurrencies. Presently, about 16000 cryptocurrencies are listed on EdaFace, and the number keeps increasing.

If you desire to list your crypto on EdaFace, you will need to meet the following conditions:
(i). Meet EdaFace’s Terms of Services
(ii). Meet EDA SOC Scorecard of at least 20% 
(iii). Pay a listing fee with EDA Tokens

Divisions of the Listing Platform
Each Division shows you how each of the cryptos on the Listing Platform are arranged.
Cryptos are listed in the order of:
(i). market capitalization
(ii). trade volume
(iii). six classes of cryptos as outlined in EDA SOC
(iv). market price movement – top gainers and top losers
(v). Blockchain Ecosystem as outlined in EDA SOC.
These are the Divisions of the Listing Platform.


Anatomy of each Listed Crypto
Each listed crypto will display:
(a). EDA’s rank of the crypto
This rank is based on market capitalization of the crypto.
For instance, presently, the crypto with the largest market capitalization is Bitcoin. Hence, the EDA’s rank of Bitcoin is 1.

(b). Price Chart View
This will display beautifully colored charts. That is, the Price Chart View gives a visual picture of the price movement of a crypto over a specified time. Such visualisation of price will enable you to make informed decision before, during or after trading a crypto.

Three different charts are available for each crypto on EdaFace. That means you have a variety of choice in your trading, which is the unique feature of EdaFace, and you cannot see this format on other crypto trading platforms.

The three different charts are:
(i). Japanese Candlestick
This is a variation of the bar chart but in a prettier, graphic format.
A Candlestick pattern appears as a series of columns well displayed with each candle representing a trade – a sell or buy – at a specific time. 
To make it easy for a trader to differentiate a sell from a buy trade, the candles are displayed with two distinct colours – sell candles often appear in red or purple while buy candles are usually blue or green.
Note you can easily change the colours to any type he likes.

(ii). Bar Chart
This is a bar graph, which is a type of graph plotted in columns in which each column (often plotted vertically) represents the opening and closing price of a currency trading pair in a given time.

(iii). Line Chart
This is simply a line graph that runs across a chart surface, and may not give much information, especially to a newcomer to the Crypto Market.

(c). Trade Volume Histogram
At the bottom of the Price Chart View, there will be a histogram that will show the volumes of trade of the listed crypto per time. 
The histogram will appear in two colours just like the Japanese candlesticks. A red or purple colour often depicts a sell while a blue or green represents a buy.

(d). The Five Items of EDA SOC Scorecard
A Crypto project must pass EDA SOC Scorecard before it can be listed on EdaFace. 
Thus, this area will be linked to the Crypto Verification Centre.
Therefore, it is compulsory that the Crypto Scam Check of the Crypto Verification Centre must be completed before any listing on EdaFace.
Note that the Crypto Verification Centre will automatedly and independently score a crypto project during its Crypto Scam Check. If the crypto project scores less than 20% of EDA SOC Scorecard, EdaFace system will not allow the crypto to list.
For more on this and how you can prepare your crypto project to achieve a good score on the EDA SOC Scorecard, visit the Crypto Verification Centre.

(e). Market values
For each crypto, the following information about market values will be displayed:
(i). All Time Price High 
(ii). All Time Price Low 
(iii). 24-Hour Price Changes 
(iv). Return on Investment (ROI) – calculated from the date of the crypto launch.

PEER-TO-PEER TRADING PLATFORM
This is the second compartment of the Crypto Reflector. This P2P compartment allows traders to buy and sell their cryptos on EdaFace platform without the interference of a central authority.

Division of P2P Trading Platform
The P2P has two main Divisions: Buy and Sell as discussed on “How to Use the P2P Market.” 


How to Use the P2P Market
The Peer-to-Peer (P2P) platform facilitates direct trading between sellers and buyers. The P2P trading is safe, fast and convenient, using an algorithm that is simple and understandable to any user.
This is an absolutely transparent system in which there are no intermediaries and all transactions take place between the two parties directly.

The Procedure for a P2P transaction involves three simple Phases...

Phase One:
Step 1: Create your offer to buy or sell with conditions that suit YOU. Just fill in the fields, confirm the offer and wait for someone to accept it!
You can also choose an offer created by another user, if the conditions suit you. Just select an offer from the list and accept it!
Step 2: When both parties to the transaction join the offer, EdaFace sends them a notification.

Phase Two:
Step 1: The buyer and seller are connected to the transaction and can chat.
Step 2: Coins in the seller’s account are “frozen”. This is a guarantee of transaction security.
Step 3: The seller of coins sends the buyer the details for which you want to send money, in accordance with the terms of the transaction.
Step 4: The buyer pays for the details and informs about this in the transaction by attaching screenshots in the chat and pressing the payment confirmation button.
Step 5: The seller verifies the payment and if the transfer is successful, confirms the receipt of money.
Step 6: For security reasons, double authentication of EdaFace is used for confirmation.

Phase Three:
Step 1: Frozen coins are automatically transferred from the seller’s account to the buyer's account.
Step 2: Users can rate the deal and write reviews to each other. This will affect the reputation and in the future will help other users in choosing deals.
Step 3: The deal is completed! All parties got what they were counting on!

Important Note:
• All transactions on EdaFace P2P Trading Platform are 100% safe.
• EdaFace acts as a guarantor!
• Funds in the seller’s account are “frozen” until the transaction is completed or cancelled.
• All chat correspondence is saved to avoid fraud.
• If the seller or buyer does not respond at the indicated time, then the transaction can be cancelled.
• If a dispute arises between the participants, the arbiter EdaFace will join the transaction and will make a fair decision.

ADVERTISEMENT PLATFORM
This is a platform where Crypto Projects can advertise their cryptos on Crypto Reflector. Here you will keep seeing new and old projects being advertised. Before you buy any of them, remember to always DYOR, which stands for Do Your Own Research. 
The Crypto Verification Centre on EdaFace will guide and assist you to research on any crypto you are interested in.

Conditions for Advertisement are:
If you are interested in advertising your crypto on EdaFace, you will need to:
(i). Meet EdaFace’s Terms of Services
(iii). Pay advertising fee with EDA Token
Note that no pornographic images are allowed on EdaFace’s advertisement platform.

TRENDING PLATFORM
This is the fourth Compartment of the Crypto Reflector, and it is where you will see the latest trend in the crypto industry. This trend updates itself almost every hour. That is, it is a fast moving train to catch up with the rapidly changing trends in the Crypto industry.
If you are serious about crypto investment, you should better pay attention to EdaFace’s Trending Platform.
To make it easier, you can subscribe to EdaFace Trend News so that you can get alerts on any of your electronic devices one there is a new trend is brewing up and about to explode. In this way, you can, not only keep track of trend development, but will be privileged to have insight news before it bursts out in the market.

Conditions for Subscribing to EdaFace Trend News:
You will need to:
(i). Meet EdaFace’s Terms of Services
(iii). Pay a small charges with EDA Token as subscription fee




















COMPONENT 2: CENTRALIZED EXCHANGE REFLECTOR
This is the component that displays all the centralized exchanges (Cex). There are more than 400 centralized exchanges that are listed on the platform, and the number is growing.
There are two types of Cex:
• Spot Exchanges – these are Cex that offer spot trading services
• Derivatives Exchanges – these are Cex that offer derivatives trading services, which are also called futures.

On Cex Reflector, anyone can list their Cex (both Spot and Derivatives Exchanges)

Compartments of Cex Reflector
Cex Reflector has three compartments:
(A). Spot Exchange Platform
(B). Derivatives Exchange Platform
(C). Launchpad

Spot Exchange Platform
This platform displays all the exchanges that offer spot trading.

The parameters you will see being displayed on the Spot Exchange Platform are:
(i). EDA’s rank (this is based on the 24-hour trade volume)
(ii). 24-hour trade volume
(iii). Average Liquidity
(iv). Weekly Visits
(v). Number of Listed Coins
(vi). Number of Markets (number of coin pairs)

Anatomy of Spot Exchange Platform:
When you click on each listed exchange in the Spot Platform of Cex Reflector, the following details will be displayed:
(i). The Spot Market of the exchange website should open up

B. Derivatives Exchange Platform
This displays all the exchanges that offer futures trading.

(a). Parameters for Derivatives Exchange Display
The parameters to be displayed are as follows:
(i). EDA’s rank (this is based on the 24-hour trade volume)
(ii). 24-hour trade volume
(iii). Maker Fees
(iv). Taker Fees
(v). Number of Markets

(b). Anatomy of Derivatives Exchange Platform:
When you click on each listed exchange in the Derivatives Exchange Platform of Cex Reflector, the following details will be displayed:
(i). The Derivatives Market of the exchange website should open up.

C. Launchpad
(See the details in the Launchpad Whitepaper)
This is where Crypto Projects can launch their cryptos.

(a). The parameters to be displayed are as follows:
(i). About Eda Launchpad
(ii). Submit Presale
(iii). Ongoing Presales
(iv). Upcoming Presales
(v). Ended Presales
(vi). Launching Platform
(vii). Staking Platform

About Eda Launchpad:
When you click on About Eda Launchpad, the following parameters will be displayed:
(i). Introduction on the function of Eda Launchpad
(ii). Step-by-step procedure on how to use Eda Launchpad

Submit Presale:
When you click on Submit Presale, the following parameters will be displayed:
(i). Register your Profile – Email, Password
(ii). Pay for Presale Listing with Eda Token
(iii). Submit Your Presale

Criteria for Submission
The Presale must meet the 5 Items of EDA SOC Scorecard

Ongoing Presales:
When you click on Ongoing Presale, the following parameters will be displayed:
(i). Name of Crypto
(ii). Presale Type (e.g. ICO, ISO, IEO, IDO, etc.) 
(iii). Category (will either be Protocol, NFT, Gaming, User Interface, Mining)
(iv). Blockchain (e.g. BSC, Eth, Solana, etc.)
(v). Presale Start Date
(vi). Presale End Date
(vii). Website
(viii). Social Media Platform

Upcoming Presales
When you click on Upcoming Presale, the following parameters will be displayed:
(i). Name of Crypto
(ii). Presale Type (e.g. ICO, ISO, etc.) 
(iii). Category (will either be Protocol, NFT, Gaming, User Interface, Mining)
(iv). Blockchain (e.g. BSC, Eth, Solana, etc.)
(v). Presale Start Date
(vi). Presale End Date
(vii). Website
(viii). Social Media Platform

Ended Presales
When you click on Ended Presale, the following parameters will be displayed:
(i). Name of Crypto
(ii). Presale Type (e.g. ICO, ISO, etc.) 
(iii). Category (will either be Protocol, NFT, Gaming, User Interface, Mining)
(iv). Blockchain (e.g. BSC, Eth, Solana, etc.)
(v). Presale Start Date
(vi). Presale End Date
(vii). Website
(viii). Social Media Platform

Launching Platform
This is where crypto projects will launch their cryptos.
It will display the following features:
(i). Login Area
(ii). Where to Connect Non-Custodial Wallets
(iii). Amount of Token Available for Sale
(iv). Amount of Token Bought
(v). Balance of Token to be Sold
(vi). Time Remaining for the Presale

(vi) Staking Platform
This is where a crypto can be staked.
The client should be able to see the daily increase of his staked tokens throughout the duration of the staking.

2. Conditions for Listing
The conditions for Cex listing are: 
(i). Meet EDA Team TCs
(ii). payment with EDA Tokens
(iii). The first 25 Cex can be listed free, subsequent listing will attract payment
(iv). Any Crypto Project that uses EdaFace Launchpad will automatically be listed on EdaFace and Ujama after payment with Eda Token. About 10% of such payment goes to Ujama.
 
Benefits for Eda Token:
(i). Payment of Cex listing will be done with Eda Token
(ii). Payment for listing of Presales will be done with Eda Token
(iii). Payment for using Eda Launchpad will be done with Eda Token







COMPONENT 3: DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGE REFLECTOR
This is where all decentralized exchanges (Dex) can be listed.
Anyone can list their Dex.

(1). Compartments
(A). Dex Listing Platform
This displays all Dex.

(a). Parameters for Dex Display
The parameters to be displayed are as follows:
(i). EDA’s rank (this is based on the 24-hour trade volume)
(ii). 24-hour trade volume
(iii). Average Liquidity
(iv). Weekly Visits
(v). Number of Listed Coins
(vi). Number of Markets (number of coin pairs)

(b). Anatomy of Dex Platform:
When you click on each listed Dex in the Dex Platform, the following details will be displayed:
(i). The Dex Market of the exchange website should open up

(B). Eda Dex Market
This will be patterned after BabySwap and PancakeSwap.

When you click on Eda Dex Market, the followings will open up:
(a). Swap
This is where you exchange one token to another.

(b). Liquidity
This is where you form the Liquidity Provider (LP) for staking.

(c). Farms
This is where you do liquidity mining.

(d). Pools
This is where you stake your crypto in the blockchain pools.

(2). Listing of Dex
Conditions for Dex listing are: 
(i). Meet EDA Team TCs
(ii). Payment with EDA Tokens for Dex Listing

Benefits for Eda Token:
(i). Payment of Dex listing will be done with Eda Token
(ii). Payment for Dex transactions (Swapping, Yield Farming, Pool staking) will be done with Eda Token




