12
NFT Marketplace
v.1.0.3
NFT Marketplace
v.1.0.
1.0. Definition4
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is where NFTs will be displayed, minted, and traded on EdaFace.
2.0. Target Niche
2.0.1. End User:
All crypto users
2.0.2. Minters
African artists
African sportsmen and women
African politicians
Institutions
Any Crypto users
3.0. The Three Types of NFTs on Eda Marketplace
Based on what they represent, NFTs on EdaFace are divided into three types:
3.0.1. Fine Art NFTs
These are digital images of visual arts considered to have been created primarily for aesthetic purposes
and judged for their beauty and meaningfulness. They include:
• Paintings
• Sculptures
• Drawings
• Watercolors
• Graphics
• Architecture
3.0.2. Collectible NFTs5
A collectible is typically a manufactured item designed for people to acquire as possession. Popular
collectible items include:
• Stamps
• Ancient coins
• Rocks
• Family artifacts
• Religious relics, etc.
3.0.3. Game NFTs
These are digitalised games that can be traded as NFTs.
• Games, e.g. in-game accessories, in-game attires, rare-game assets, etc.
• Sports, e.g. player’s cards, player’s stats, player’s best moves, player’s collectibles like their wearables
of jerseys, T-shirts, shoes, equipment, etc.
4.0. Mutichain Platform
EdaFace NFT Marketplace will be a multichain platform. It should handle all the EVM (Ethereum Virtual
Machine) supported chains as well as non-EVM supported chains.
Examples of the EVM-supported chains that will be part of EdaFace NFT Marketplace are:
Ethereum
Binance Smart Chain
Solana
Polygon
Polkadot
Avalanche
Algorand
Huobi ECO Chain
Fantom
Arbitrum, and
OKEx Chain
5.0. Compartments of NFT Marketplace6
5.1. Storefront
This is the Dashboard of Eda Marketplace.
It will contain the following Divisions:
5.1.1. Art Marketplace
This is where all Fine Art NFTs will be displayed.
The user will display his FineArt NFT (possibly, after making small amount of payment with Eda Token).
5.2. Collectible Marketplace
This is where all Collectible NFTs will be displayed.
The user will display his Collectible NFT (possibly, after making small amount of payment with Eda
Token).
5.3. Gaming Marketplace
This is where all Game NFTs will be displayed.
The user will display his Game NFT (possibly, after making small amount of payment with Eda Token).
Anyone can list their Digital Games.
5.3.1. Division of Each Marketplace:
(a). Transaction Arena
Each Marketplace will be made up of a Transaction Arena.
Transaction Arena is where the NFT will be displayed and the user will be able to buy and sell his NFT.
Small amount of payment with Eda Token will be charge for all transactions.
This will display the followings:
(i). Visual NFT
(ii). Fixed Price Purchase of the NFT
(iii). Auction Purchase of the NFT
(iv). Selling Price of the NFT
5.3.2. Advanced Token Search7
To boost client satisfaction, there will be a search button in which a customer will search for any product
and get complete information on the searched product with ease. Such searched information should be
meticulously arranged for customer’s convenience.
5.3.3. Filters
Users should be able to filter freely all assets by category, payment method, due time, and listing status.
Using filters will be highly beneficial for clients.
5.3.4. Ratings
This feature will assist users who don’t know where to begin, quickly select products, and know how the
system functions. Checking someone’s rating helps users understand whether the particular seller is
trustworthy.
Thus, on EdaFace Marketplace, participants can rate others and give feedback depending on their
experience. It allows others to check the credibility of a user.
5.3.5. Listing Status
Users who want to list their product will need to pass the product authentication process of EdaFace.
The reason for authentication process is to help establish and execute right ownership of the product.
5.3.6. General Conditions for Listing on EdaFace NFT Marketplace
Anyone can display their NFTs on the EdaFace NFT Marketplace.
Conditions for displaying NFTs are:
(i). Meet EDA Team TCs
(ii). payment with EDA Tokens
5.4. User Account
This is where the user of NFT Marketplace will:
(i). set up an account profile
(ii). connect his non-custodial wallet.
The account set up will be free.8
EdaFace Marketplace will allow customers to send and receive NFTs and cryptocurrencies. However,
users will need to connect their non-custodial wallets to be able send and receive NFTs and
cryptocurrencies. Such non-custodial wallet include Metamask, WalletConnect, MyEtherWallet, Trust
Wallet, Coinbase, Formatic, etc.
5.5. NFT Minting
This is where NFTs can be minted (created) on EdaFace Marketplace with minimum efforts. A page will
be created where users can type in the detailed product description and submit files. Information like
tags, title, and description is necessary.
Any NFT can be minted on EdaFace after payment with EDA Token.
5.7. Resources
This will contain information on how to use the NFT Marketplace.
This Resource area should be constructed in such a way that at the end, EDA will be able to add or
remove any resource at will and at any time without having to do any extra IT coding.
6.0. Characteristics of EdaFace Marketplace
The following are the characteristic features of EdaFace NFT Marketplace:
6.0.1. Security
EdaFace NFT Marketplace should offer all the security features that make it non-hackable. There should
be in-built security safeguards to prevent traders suffering from transaction loss.
6.0.2. Decentralization
The platform will be fully decentralized so that it allows for permissionless and trustless transactions.
6.0.3. Transparency
EdaFace Marketplace must have complete transparency to give users a clear view of all transactions.
6.0.4. Simplicity
All transactions on the platform should be simple and seamless. No ambiguity or complexities will be
allowed. In other words, even a newcomer should be able to transact on EdaFace Marketplace easily.9
6.0.5. The Monetization Model
All transactions on EdaFace Marketplace will attract standard fees, which can be changed from time to
time, based on the decisions of the platform Admin.
7.0. Token Development
Eda Token is the native utility token for EdaFace, including the EdaFace NFT Marketplace.
Hence, Eda Token, which has been already developed, will need to be incorporated into EdaFace
Launchpad.
8.0. Application Types
There should be a web-base as well as the mobile formats of the EdaFace NFT Marketplace. The mobile
formats should support both android and IOS versions.
9.0. EdaFace Website Integration
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is the 5th Component of EdaFace, which is a crypto aggregator. Hence, at the
end of its development, it should be hyperlinked and integrated to EdaFace parent website, which is
www.edaface.com.
10.0 Addendum
The following addendum has been discussed between EDA and Maticz (represented by Harini) and has
been mutually agreed upon:
(1). How to Ensure Ownership by EDA
(a). Automated smart contracts
The platform will be built with automated smart contracts so that it will 100% decentralized.
(b). Metadata:
The data for storing the NFTs like audio, video, etc. will be saved on Metadata. EDA will be in total
control of the data since EDA will be the admin for the platform.10
(c). Github’s Repositories
One or more repositories will be created by EDA so that Matics IT personnel will work from the
repositories.
(d). Source Codes
Maticz will push 100% source code to EDA.
(2). How to Ensure Security:
(a). Decentralization
By using smart contracts, EdaFace NFT Marketplace will be fully decentralized, thus, ensuring security.
(b). Maticz’s Internal Audit
Maticz’ internal auditors will audit all the smart contracts
(c). External Audit
EDA will bring external auditor to audit all smart contracts for enhanced security. Any loophole detected
by the audit will be corrected by Maticz without any additional costs to EDA.
(3). Maintenance and Support
(a). Free Maintenance and Support
Maticz will provide maintenance and support for free for the first three months after EdaFace NFT
Marketplace has been launched.
Such maintenance and support services include:
• Fixes
• Changes incurred during development
(b). Hiring Maintenance and Support
EDA can hire key personnel to maintain and support EdaFace NFT Marketplace after Maticz’ free
support and maintenance elapses.11
(4). Development and Phases
EdaFace NFT Marketplace is a multichain that will be developed from scratch as follows:
Phase 1 scratch: BNB and ETH
Phase 2 scratch: Matic and Solana
Phase 3: Mobile
Phase 4 scratch: More Chains
(5). Costs
Phase 1 will cost 12000 USD
(6). NFT Scope
(i). NFT Token Development
- refers to creating your native token for the platform
(ii). NFT Asset Validation and Management
- refers to managing the platform till the live deployment according to the scope
(iii). NFT Marketplace – Fixed Price
(iv). NFT Marketplace – Auction (Bid)
- refers to Marketplace with the sell, buy and auction features
(v). Wallet Management
- refers to Wallet connection
(vi). NFT Source File Management
- refers to Source code management12
(vii). Unlockable Content Management
- refers to Admin panel maintenance (Admin can change the content, fees of the platform, etc. )
(iv). User dashboard
- refers to Landing page
(viii). NFT Category management (Art, Music...etc)
- refers to Collectibles management
(7). Duration of Development
The Phase 1 development of EdaFace NFT Marketplace will take 50 business days
(8). Integration
Maticz will do the following integrations:
(a). Integrate Eda Token on the EdaFace NFT Marketplace
(b). hyperlink EdaFace NFT Marketplace to EdaFace’s website (www.edaface.com).
Copyright © 2022.
EdaFace Marketplace is a product of EDA Holdings. All Rights Reserved.
15th May 2022.