School of Cryptocurrencies
v1.0.0.13102022

Introduction:
The School of Cryptocurrencies (SOC) is part of EdaFace Academy.

Official Name
EdaFace School of Cryptocurrencies

Vision:
Bringing New Insight for Your Financial Freedom.
Compartments

The School of Cryptocurrencies is divided into:
• Primary level
• Secondary level
• Tertiary level

Architecture:
(1). Classroom
This platform requires sign up before a student can access it.
(a). Components of a Classroom

The Classroom will contain:
(i). Study Room
This is where a student will be able to:
• see and study the SOC teaching materials.
• monitor the progress of her study
• print her certificates on completion of each school level

(ii). Chat RoomPage 3 of 7
This is a platform where the student can:
• chat and interact with the other enrolled students of EdaFace SOC
• chat directly with a School Tutor(s)
• hold an audiovisual conference meeting with the other enrolled students of EdaFace SOC
• hold an audiovisual conference meeting his School Tutor

(iii). Announcements
This is where the School Admin can pass information to the enrolled student.

(2). Bursary
This is the platform where a student will be able to:
(a). to pay tuition fees
(b). view receipt of payment
(c). print receipt of payment
This platform does not require sign up before anyone can access it.

(3). Miscellany
This is where New Teaching Materials can be uploaded by the School Admin.
It will carry a lot of materials about the blockchain and the digital world.
This platform does not require sign up before anyone can access it.

(4). E-Books
This is where a student can download:
(i). readable format of the SOC e-books
(ii). Audiovisual format SOC e-books
This platform does not require sign up before anyone can access it.

(5). Forums
This is where anyone can submit chat and interact across the crypto industry.
This platform does not require sign up before anyone can access it.
Teaching Materials
Readable materials
Audio visual Materials

Backoffice
(a). Accessibility
The Backoffice will be accessible only to the School Admin.
(b). Characteristics

The Backoffice has the following characteristics:
(i). hold a database of all student registration
(ii). a platform where the School Admin can modify the school materials of Primary, Secondary, or
Tertiary levels
(iii). a platform where the School Admin can modify the school materials for Miscellany
(iv). Admin should be able to publish, modify, or delete an announcement
(v). a Pricing Platform where the tuition fees can be stopped or modified.
(vi). the School Admin should be able to ban an errant student from continuing
(vii). the School Admin should be able to delete any student account who violates the school regulations.

(c). Containerization
There should be one Backoffice for the SOC and EdaFace Newsfeed.
However, this one Backoffice is containerized so that the School Admin is able to login
independently from the Newsfeed Admin.

Notification
A student should sign up with his email, names and password.Page 5 of 7
On signing up, notification should be sent to:
(i). the student’s email for account confirmation
(ii). the School Admin email for admin notification
(iii). the Backoffice for data collection

Google Analytics
This is required for the Backoffice to monitor the platform enrolment and student progress.
Newsletter
Student and users should be able to enroll for the SOC newsletters.

The Four Characteristics
EdaFace SOC should follow the four characterisrics of EdaFace:
(a). Aesthetics
The SOC should have a beautiful UI/UX design.

(b). Decentralized
Students and users of the school should be able to do the followings independently:
(i). enroll in any of the three classes at any day and at any time
(ii). access the school materials at any day and at any time
(iii). take any of the assessment and receive a score for each assessment at any day and at any time
(iv). be able to print out the certificate, which will bear the assessment score.

(c). Security
The platform should be secure enough to protect the student privacy and the school materials from
being stollen or hacked.

(d). Simplicity
Navigation through the digital school should be simple and seamless.

Buttons that have been included are:
(i). Admin Button
This is where the Admin can sign into the Backoffice.
(ii). Buy Eda Token
This button will be connected to Eda Token Launchpad so that people can buy Eda Token from the
Launchpad (https://launchpad.edaface.com/login).

