Page 1 of 42
Digital Mall Whitepaper
version 1.0.0.
1st August 2022Page 2 of 42
IMPORTANT NOTICE:
The words in green are the instructional words that must be part of EdaFace Mall.
1.0. General Information
1.0.1. Introduction
EdaFace Digital Mall (or EdaFace Mall, for short) is an online shopping complex that will link physical
products to online services. EdaFace Digital Mall is the place for e-commerce. It will be the link between
the digital world and the physical world.
1.0.2. Functions
Digital Mall is an e-commerce platform where there will be buying and selling of goods and services over
the internet via blockchain services.
1.0.3. Physical Malls
To power up the Digital Mall, EDA Holdings will build physical malls across Africa and partner with malls
outside Africa that will serve as depots for goods that are accessed online.
This will serve just like Amazon business module.
1.0.4. Target Audience
Any person that is 13 years and above can patronize EdaFace Digital Mall
1.0.5. Conditions for usage of EdaFace Mall
(i). Meet EDA Legal Requirements
(ii). Payment with EDA Tokens
1.0.6. Benefits for Eda Token:
(i). Payment of goods and services via EdaFace Digital Mall will be done with Eda Token
(ii). Payment for digital shops will be done with Eda Token
1.0.7. Difference Between Digital Mall and NFT MarketplacePage 3 of 42
In the EdaFace Mall, no minting of NFTs can be done while in the NFT Marketplace minting can be
carried out.
2.0. Category Platforms
Products on EdaFace Mall will be categorised into various platforms as follows:
1. Advertisement Platform
2. Announcement Platform
2.0.1. Digital Advertisement Platforms
These platforms include:
(1). Automobile Platform (AP)
This is where automobile products, e.g. cars, boats, etc. can be advertised.
The AP will be divided into sections based on regional geography, e.g. Africa AP, Europe Ap, etc.
(2). Merchandise
The platform will serve the following functions:
(a). Customers can advertise their goods and services, e.g. job, etc.
(b). Customers can rent online shops to sell their goods and services.
These services will attract payment with Eda Token.
(3). Fashion Platform
This is where attires can be sold and bought digitally.
Other products that can be sold here include jewelries, watches, shoes, etc.
(4). Electronic Devices
This is where communication devices can be sold and bought digitally.
Examples include Phones, Televisions, etc.Page 4 of 42
(5). Farm Tools
This is where agricultural products can be sold and bought digitally.
(6). Healthcare Products
Pharmaceutical products, e.g. machines, can be advertised and bought from here.
(7). Kiddies
This is where children toys and kid products will be advertised and sold.
(8). Real Estate
This is where houses and land can be sold.
2.0.2. Announcement Platforms
There are two main divisions of this platform:
(1). Employer Platform
This is where employers can advertise their jobs after a minimal payment with Eda Token.
Also, here companies can advertise their presence digitally.
(2). Employee Platform
This is where job seekers can advertise their skills and availability after a minimal payment with Eda
Token.
3.0. Continental Shopping Regions
EdaFace Mall shall be divided into compartments, referred to as Continental Shopping Regions, in line
with the continental regions of the World as follows:
3.0.1. African Region
(a). Central African CountriesPage 5 of 42
Angola
Cameroon
Central African Republic
Chad
Congo Brazzaville
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Equatorial Guinea
Gabon
São Tomé & Principe
(b). East African Countries
Burundi
Comoros
Djibouti
Ethiopia
Eritrea
Kenya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Réunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Somalia
South Sudan
Tanzania
UgandaPage 6 of 42
(c). North African Countries
Algeria
Egypt
Libya
Morocco
Sudan
Tunisia
Western Sahara
(d). Southern African Countries
Botswana
Lesotho
Mozambique
Namibia
South Africa
Swaziland
Zambia
Zimbabwe
(e). West African Countries
Benin
Burkina Faso
Cape Verde
Côte D'Ivoire
Gambia
Ghana
GuineaPage 7 of 42
Guinea-Bissau
Liberia
Mali
Mauritania
Niger
Nigeria
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Togo
3.0.2. Asian Region
(a). Central Asian Countries
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyz Republic
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan.
(b). East Asian Countries
China
Hong Kong
Japan
Macau
Mongolia
North Korea
South Korea
TaiwanPage 8 of 42
(c). North Asian Countries
Russia (Siberia)
(d). South Asian Countries
Bangladesh
Bhutan
India
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka
(e). Southeast Asian Countries
Brunei
Burma (Myanmar)
Cambodia
Timor-Leste
Indonesia
Laos
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Vietnam
(f). West Asian Countries (also called the Middle East)
ArmeniaPage 9 of 42
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Cyprus
Georgia
Iran
Irag
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
3.0.3. European Region
(a). Central European Countries
Austria
Czech Republic
Germany
Hungary
Liechtenstein
Poland
SlovakiaPage 10 of 42
Slovenia
Switzerland.
(b). Eastern European Countries:
Belarus
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Hungary
Poland
Moldova
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Ukraine
(c). Northern European Countries:
Norway
Sweden
Denmark
Finland
Iceland
United Kingdom
Ireland
Lithuania
Latvia
Estonia
(d). Southern European Countries:Page 11 of 42
Albania
Andorra
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia
Greece
Italy
Malta
Montenegro
North Macedonia
Portugal
San Marino
Serbia
Slovenia
Spain
Vatican
(e). Western European Countries:
Austria
Belgium
France
Germany
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Switzerland
3.0.4. Central American RegionPage 12 of 42
Belize
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Panama
3.0.5. North American Region
Antigua and Barbuda
Bahamas
Barbados
Canada
Cuba
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Haiti
Jamaica
Mexico
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago
United States
3.0.6. South American Region
ArgentinaPage 13 of 42
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela
3.0.7. Oceanian Region
Australia
Papua New Guinea
New Zealand
Fiji
Solomon Islands
Tonga
Federated States of Micronesia
Kiribati
Samoa
4.0. Architecture of EdaFace Mall
4.0.1. Arrival Page
When EdaFace Digital Mall url (mall.edaface.com) is clicked on, the user will land on the Arrival Page,
which should have the following information:
(a). Head TitlePage 14 of 42
(b). Open an Account
(c). Continental Shopping Regions
(d). For Sale button
Head Title:
Welcome to EdaFace Digital Mall
(A New Shopping Experience)
Open an Account
To sell and buy on EdaFace Digital Mall, the user will have to register an account.
On EdaFace Mall website, the following message should be conspicuously available:
Sign in with your EdaFace Mall Account
Names…………………………………………
Email…………………………………………
Password……………………………………
To Sell or Buy, you need to open an account.
Don’t have an account? Sign Up Here (a button should be provided).
(1). Sign Up for an Account
(i). To Sign Up for an Account, the User must first accept all EDA’s Terms and Conditions
⃝ I agree to the Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and all legal
requirements of EDA.
(The Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy, should be hyperlinked
to the ones on EdaFace website: www.edaface.com).
(ii). The Sign Up should be with the User Names, an Email and a Password.
(iv). The User can also sign up with his Facebook accountPage 15 of 42
(v). A confirmation message should be sent to user’s registered email to confirm the account opening
Please, check your email inbox or spam for a message from EdaFace Mall.
The sent message should read:
Please, confirm your email by clicking on this link….
(vi). Also, a message should be sent to EdaFace email (admin@edaface.com) to notify EdaFace Admin of
the sign up. Details for EdaFace Admin should include:
EdaFace Mall Notification:
Hi EdaFace Mall Admin, a new EdaFace Mall account has been opened.
Date of Account Opening…
Time of Account Opening…
Name of User…
Email of User…
(vii). The person’s Sign Up database should be stored in the EdaFace Mall Backoffice
(2). Login to the Account
(i). After signing up and email verification of the account, the User can now sign in (login) with the
registered email and password details.
(ii). On logging into his EdaFace Mall account, the following will appear:
EdaFace Digital Mall
(A New Digital Shopping Experience)
---- Enter into the Mall Plazas ----- (this should be a clickable button that leads to the Plazas)
To List Your Item for Sale, please click here….
…..SELL ITEM…. (this should be a clickable button that leads to the Plazas)Page 16 of 42
If the user clicks on SELL ITEM button, the user will be taken to the page to Rent-a-Shop (see 5.0.1).
If the user clicks on ENTER INTO THE MALL PLAZA, the user will be taken to the Continental Shopping
Regions.
Continental Shopping Regions
This will present all the seven continental shopping regions of EdaFace Mall and their countries as
indicated in 3.0 above:
• Africa
• Asia
• Central America
• Europe
• North America
• Oceania
• South America
Each item on EdaFace Mall will be displayed in its Continental Shopping Region as follows:
(i). Region
(ii). Country
Thus, when a cursor is placed on a Region, the various countries of the Region will drop down.
Important Note
Anyone (with or without EdaFace Mall account) should be able to click on any of the Continental
Shopping Regions and browse through EdaFace Mall.
However, to be able to sell or buy an item, the user must be prompted to open an account with EdaFace
Mall.
4.0.2. Inner Pages: Category Platforms
When a cursor is placed on any of the Continental Shopping Regions, the various countries of the Region
will drop down.Page 17 of 42
Once a country is clicked, a page will open up to reveal all the category platforms, which are called
Plazas.
(1). Plazas
The Plazas will have the following features:
(a). Welcome Title
The Plaza page will start with the following words:
Welcome to… (insert country name) Digital Plaza
(e.g. Welcome to Kenyan Digital Plazas)
Click on any of the Plazas to get into the Shops.
(b). Names of the Plazas
The names of the Plazas will be the names of the various Category Platforms mentioned in 2.0 above,
which are:
• Automobile Plaza
• Merchandise Plaza
• Fashion Plaza
• Electronic Plaza
• Farm Tool Plaza
• Healthcare Plaza
• Kiddies Plaza
• Real Estate Plaza
• Announcement Plaza
(c). Appendiceal Plazas
In addition, there will be two Plazas dedicated for the contents of EdaFace Digital Literature. These two
Plazas are:
• Book Plaza
• Music PlazaPage 18 of 42
Details of these two Plazas are discussed in the EdaFace Digital Literature Whitepaper.
(c). Beautiful icon symbols
Each Plaza should have a beautiful befitting icon symbol
(d). Multiple Pages
There will be multiple pages for the Plazas. Though there are presently eight Plazas, this number may
increase, hence, the need for multiple pages for the Plazas.
(e). Search Button
There will be a Search button for the Plazas to enable the users to quickly search across the multiple
pages of the Plazas.
(2). Shops
Once a Plaza is clicked on, a page will open to reveal the various shops in the Plaza. Thus, a Plaza is a
Complex of Shops.
The Shops in each Plaza will have:
(a). General Features
Each page that carries the shops will have the following general features:
(i). General Head Title
Each page that holds shops will have a general head title. The following words will be displayed as the
general head title:
Have a New Shopping Experience!
Browse through and click on any shop to unveil its items
(ii). Alphabetical Arrangement
The display of shops on each page will be in alphabetical order.
(iii). Display Pattern
The shops that are displayed on each page will be in:Page 19 of 42
• three rows
• five columns
Thus, there will be maximum 15 shops displayed on each page.
(iv). Multiple Pages
This means, there will be many pages to hold the numerous numbers of shops.
(v). Search Button
There will be a Search button for the Shops to enable the users quick search across the multiple pages of
the shops.
(vi). Filter Button
There will be a Filter button for the Shops to enable the users filter out the shops across their multiple
pages.
The filter will be based on the Category Platform names:
• Automobile
• Merchandise
• Fashion
• Electronic
• Farm Tool
• Healthcare
• Kiddies
• Real Estate
• Announcement
(b). Structure of a Shop
Each shop will have the following structure:
(i). Name of Shop
Immediately below the General Head Title will be the various shops.Page 20 of 42
Seller will type in the Name of his Shop (maximum 15 characters), which should consist of:
Prefix: not more than two words, e.g. Ngoyi Furniture
Suffix: only one word will be allowed, which is Shop.
Thus, the name of this Shop will be displayed as Ngoyi Furniture Shop
(ii). Short Description of Shop
This will consist of maximum five words, e.g. We sell affordable home furniture
(iii). Shop Captioned Image
A small picture or video will be displayed below or above the Shop Name with its Description as shown
below.
The Shop Captioned Image will be the Pictographic Display of the uploaded item (see below).
An example:
Ngoyi Furniture Shop
We sell affordable home furniture
(3). Items
Contained in each Shop are the items or products of a Seller. In other words, the Items constitute the
Internal Structure of a Shop.
Thus, a click on each Shop will open up a page that will reveal the items in the Shop. These Items will be
displayed as follows:
(a). General Features
Each page of the items will have the following features:
(i). General Head Title:Page 21 of 42
This will be the same as the General Head Title for the Shop, which will consist of:
Name of the Shop
Short Description of the Shop
e.g.
Ngoyi Furniture Shop
We sell affordable home furniture
(ii). Multiple Pages
A Seller may advertise many items in a Shop. Hence, there should be many pages of Items in a Shop.
(iii). Search Button
There will be a Search button for the Items in a Shop to enable the users quick search across the
multiple pages of the items.
(iv). Filter Button
There will be a Filter button for the items to enable the users filter out the items across their multiple
pages.
The filter will be based on the Category Platform names:
• Automobile
• Merchandise
• Fashion
• Electronic
• Farm Tool
• Healthcare
• Kiddies
• Real Estate
• Announcement
(b). Structure of an ItemPage 22 of 42
Each Item will have two pages:
❖ First Page
The First Page is what opens when a user clicks on a Shop.
In this First Page, each item (product) in the shop will have the following characteristics:
(i). Item Identification
The unique BIN (Blockchain Identifying Number) of the item will be conspicuously displayed next to the
item
(ii). Pictographic Display
A simple picture or video of the item will be displayed.
(iii). Brief Description of the Item
The displayed item will carry its brief description. However, only about 5 to 10 words out of its
maximum 30 words will be displayed.
(iv). Price Details
The displayed item will bear the following price details:
• Selling Price in USDT
• Selling Price in USD
(v). Additional Costs
• Shipping Cost within Country
• Shipping Cost outside Country
• Installation Cost
(vi). Arrangement of Items
On each First Page, Items will be arranged as follows:
5 in horizontal rows
3 in vertical columnsPage 23 of 42
That is, a total of 15 Item on each First Page.
❖ Second Page
When an item in the First Page is clicked on, the item opens into a Second Page.
In this Second Page, each item (product) in the shop will have the following characteristics:
(i). Item Identification
The unique BIN (Blockchain Identifying Number) of the item will be conspicuously displayed next to the
item
(ii). Pictographic Display
• Three-dimensional picture:
A Seller will upload a picture of his item so that customers will be able to see the advertised product in
its three-dimensional sphere.
• Driving Mobility
Each item that moves, e.g. a car, should have a driving mobility for customers to see its mobility.
(iii). Brief Description of the Item
The displayed item will carry its brief description (not more than 30 words).
(iv). Price Details
The displayed item will bear the following price details:
• The Selling Price of the item in USDT for crypto payment
• The Selling Price of the item in USD for fiat payment
(v). Additional Costs
• Shipping Cost within Country
• Shipping Cost outside Country
• Installation CostPage 24 of 42
(vi). Seller Contact Details
These include:
• Name of Seller (may choose to be anonymous)
• Phone Number (optional)
• Email Address
• Social Media Platforms (optional)
(vii). Websites (optional)
The displayed item will carry all its chosen website URLs as supplied by the Seller.
(viii). Rating
The item should have Option Rating vote of 1 to 5 star by users.
(ix). Buy Now button
This is where a buyer can place his offer for the seller.
This is described below in 6.0.
(x). Arrangement of an Item
• Only one Item for each Second Page.
• Whereas the First Page shows partial information about an item, the Second Page will reveal all the
details of the item.
• It is on the Second Page that a buyer can successfully placed a Purchase Offer to the Seller.
• The 9 Structures of an Item mentioned here must be neatly arranged next to the pictographic display
of the item.
• unlike the First Page, the Second Page will offer 3-D pictography with its mobility action.Page 25 of 42
Important Note:
Customers should be able to:
(a). see the advertised product in its three-dimensional sphere
(b). identify the item (product) with its Blockchain Identifying Number
(c). test the efficacy and efficiency of the product digitally before they buy
(d). pay for the product online
5.0. Selling on EdaFace Mall
To Sell on EdaFace Digital Mall, the Seller must first Open an Account as a User with EdaFace Mall
(discussed in 4.0.1 above).
After EdaFace Mall account opening, the Seller will then carry out the following activities to be able to
list his item:
(i). Seller Rents a Shop
(ii). Seller Registers an Item for Sale
(iii). Seller Submits the Item for Display
(iv). Item is Displayed in the relevant place
5.0.1. Seller Rents a Shop
Region
Country
Plazas Shops ItemsPage 26 of 42
(1). After a User opens an EdaFace Mall account and logs in, the following statement will appear:
EdaFace Digital Mall
(A New Digital Shopping Experience)
---- Enter Mall Plazas ----- (this should be a clickable button that leads to the Plazas)
To List Your Item for Sale, please click here….
…..SELL ITEM…. (this should be a clickable button that leads to the Plazas)
(2). If the user selects SELL ITEM button, the Seller will be taken to the Continental Shopping Region
page, where he will select which continental region he wants to sell his item.
Please, indicate the Continental Shopping Region where you plan to advertise your item.
As he places his cursor on any of the Continental Shopping Region, there will be a dropdown menu for
all countries within the region.
Region → Country
(3). Once a country is clicked, a page will open up to reveal all the category platforms, which are called
Plazas.
The Plaza page will start with the following words:
Welcome to… (insert country name) Digital Plazas
(e.g. Welcome to Kenyan Digital Plazas)
Please, select the Plaza category for your item.
(Here there will be a dropdown menu for all the Plazas on EdaFace Mall):
• Automobile Plaza
• Merchandise Plaza
• Fashion PlazaPage 27 of 42
• Electronic Plaza
• Farm Tool Plaza
• Healthcare Plaza
• Kiddies Plaza
• Real Estate Plaza
• Announcement Plaza
(4). Once the Seller clicks on any of the Plazas, he will be prompted to pay the Shop Rental Fee:
To book a Shop, please, pay the Shop Rental Fee.
See the Shop Rental Fee here… (hyperlinked to Price List)
To pay the Shop Rental Fee, click here https://launchpad.edaface.com/login.
After payment was made, the system should automatedly verify and confirm if Shop Rental Fee has
been paid and which Ads Option was made, and consequently, the appropriate box below should
automatedly be ticked by the system:
⃝ Basic Plan
⃝ Silver Plan
⃝ Gold Plan
⃝ Platinum Plan
Note that the Shop Rental Fee will be paid to EdaFace Mall BEP20 wallet address… (will be provided).
5.0.2. Seller Registers an Item for Sale
• Once he has made payment of the Shop Rental Fee, a message should pop out that says:
Thank You for Renting a Shop in …….. (country name) Digital Plaza.
To continue, click here…SALES FORMPage 28 of 42
Once he clicks on the SALES FORM button, a page should pop out and should be titled Sales Form as
follows:
Sales Form
• Please, enter the following details in this Sales Form.
Note that the more details you provide, the higher the chance for your item to attract a buyer and the
easier the buyer will be able to contact you.
(1). Shop
Indicate the Structure of your Shop as follows:
(a). Shop Name
Type in the Name of your Shop (maximum 15 characters)
e.g. Ngoyi Furniture
Please, do not use the word “Shop” in your chosen name because “Shop” will be the suffix of your Shop
Name.
(b). Shop Description
Give short Description of Shop (maximum five words)
e.g. We sell affordable home furniture
(2). Item
(a). Item Imagery
Upload three different pictures or videos of your item (maximum 30 megabite per upload)
1st Upload…
2nd Upload…
3rd Upload…
(b). Item Brief DescriptionPage 29 of 42
Give Brief Description of your Item (maximum 30 words).
Use catchy words that will appeal to a buyer but be objective.
(3). Price Details
(a). Selling Price
Please, indicate the Selling Price (in USD)…
(b). Additional Cost
Please, indicate any additional cost:
• Shipping Cost within Country……………….
• Shipping Cost outside Country…………………..
• Installation Cost………………..
• Any other Cost……………………….
(Any cost not indicated should be left blank)
(4). Websites (optional)
Please, enter the website URL of the item
(Give provision for multiple websites to be entered in by the Seller).
(5). Seller Contact Details
(a). Your Names….
⃝ (tick here if you choose to be anonymous in which case your names will not be displayed)
(b). Phone Number (optional)
(c). Email address
(d). Social Media contacts (e.g. WhatsApp, Telegram, etc.) (optional)
(e). Country of Residence
(6). Item Payment OptionsPage 30 of 42
Please choose one of the followings:
⃝ Accepts only Crypto
⃝ Accepts only Fiat
⃝ Accepts both Crypto and Fiat
5.0.2. Seller Submits the Item for Display
After filling in the Sales Form, the next step is to submit it by clicking on the Submit button.
Submit
Once a Seller clicks the Submit button, a page should pop out that carries the following five things:
(a). A summary of the Sales Form with all the filled details
(b). A message that requires the Seller to confirm if all the details are correctly entered
(Please, confirm if all details are correctly entered)
(c). A ticked button that shows the confirmation of paid Ads Option of the Shop Rental Fee.
(d). Please review the Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and all
legal requirements of EDA, and tick the appropriate box.
⃝ I agree
⃝ I disagree
(The Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Listing Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy, should be hyperlinked
to the ones on EdaFace website: www.edaface.com).
(If disagreed, the Seller won’t be able to submit the Sales Form).
(e). Once all the above parameters have been successfully entered, the Seller can go ahead and click
Confirm Submission.
Confirm SubmissionPage 31 of 42
EdaFace Mall is decentralized, hence, once the Confirm Submission button is clicked, the item will be
listed automatedly and becomes live on EdaFace Mall in accordance with its placement selections, and a
page should pop out with the following words:
Congratulations, your Item is now successfully listed.
Click here to view it >>> (hyperlinked)
Thanks for choosing us!
You can promote your item before thousands of EdaFace users by clicking here >>> (hyperlinked).
Register for our Newsletters >>> (hyperlinked)
You can join our dynamic social media communities for interactive sessions with our Admins >>>
(hyperlinked)
5.0.3. Item is Displayed in the relevant places
(A). Listed Events
Once the Seller clicks on Confirm Submission button, the following 5 events MUST occur:
(a). Item will be Displayed on the Frontend of EdaFace Mall for the Buyer
(b). Records of displayed Item will appear as follows:
(i). Item details will appear in Seller’s email box
(ii). Item will be stored in the EdaFace Mall account of the Seller
(iii). The data of the item will be visible in the Backoffice for EdaFace Admin
(iv). The Shop will automatically become deactivated at the expiration of its Shop Rental Fee.
(B). Displayed Item on the Frontend of EdaFace Mall
Once the Confirm Submission button is clicked, the item will be displayed on the frontend of EdaFace
Mall in the following pattern:
(1). Continental Shopping Region
Listed Item will be automatically allocated as follows:Page 32 of 42
(i). Under its Region
(ii). Under Its Country
(2). Category Platform
Item will be displayed on its Category Platform:
Plaza → Shop
(3). Item Identification
The unique BIN (Blockchain Identifying Number) of the item will be conspicuously displayed next to the
item
(4). Pictographic Display
(i). Item will be displayed in 3-D format to make it more realistic
(ii). Mobile item should have driving mobility
(5). Brief Description of the Item
The displayed item will carry its brief description.
(6). Websites (optional)
The displayed item will carry all its chosen website URLs as supplied by the Seller.
(7). Item Price Details
The displayed item will bear the following price details:
• The Selling Price of the item in USDT for crypto payment (should be disabled if Crypto Payment option
not selected)
• The Selling Price of the item in USD for fiat payment (should be disabled if Fiat Payment option not
selected)
(8). Additional CostsPage 33 of 42
If there is any additional cost, it should be indicated as well:
• Shipping Cost within Country
• Shipping Cost outside Country
• Installation Cost
• Any other Cost
(9). Item Payment Options
The payment option selected by the Seller should be clearly indicated as follows:
⃝ Accepts only Crypto
⃝ Accepts only Fiat
⃝ Accepts both Crypto and Fiat
(10). Rating
The listed item should have Option Rating vote of 1 to 5 star by users
(11). Buy Now button
This button is for the buyer to click on.
Once the Buy Now button is clicked on, the Buy Page will be generated. (This is discussed further in 6.0.)
(C). Records of Displayed Item in Seller’s Account
Once the Seller clicks on Confirm Submission button, records of displayed Item will be stored in the
EdaFace Mall account of the Seller as follows:
Congrats, your item has been successfully listed on EdaFace Mall.
Name of Item..
Date of Listing..
Time of Listing…
Name of Shop
Name of Plaza
Continental Shopping Region…Page 34 of 42
Item Selling Price…
Item Additional Costs…
To Update listing details of the item, click here… UPDATE ITEM
(D). Records of Displayed Item to Seller’s Email Address
Once the Seller clicks on Confirm Submission button, records of displayed Item will be sent to the
Seller’s contact details (e.g. email, phone, social media links) as follows:
Hi Friend.
Thank you for using EdaFace Mall.
Your item has been listed on EdaFace Mall.
To view your listed item, click here… (please, hyperlinked to the Seller’s Shop)
EdaFace Mall Admin
(A New Digital Shopping Experience)
(EdaFace logo will be inserted as part of the message)
(E). Expired Shop Rental Fee
Once the Shop Rental Fee is expired, the following will take place:
(a). Seller will receive a notice from EdaFace Mall Admin every 2 days from the 7th day to the expiry
date.
The notice will be sent to Seller’s contact details (emails, phone, social media)
The notice will be an automated message:
Hi Seller
Your Shop Rent is about to expire
You can renew it.
To renew, click here… (hyperlinked please)
EdaFace Mall AdminPage 35 of 42
(b). Once the Shop Rent has expired, the Shop will become deactivated. That is, the Shop will not be
clickable again.
(c). In addition, the following message will lie across the face of the Shop:
Expired Rent. Please, Renew.
6.0. How Buyer can make a Purchase
(1). Buy Now button
Once the user clicks on Buy Now button, the buyer will be prompted to Log into his account or Open an
Account, if he hasn’t done so.
Once he has logged into his account, he can then proceed to click on the Buy Now button, which will
cause the Buy Page to pop out.
(2). Buy Page
The Buy Page will show the following details:
(a). Item Price Details
• Selling Price of the item in USDT for crypto payment
• The Selling Price of the item in USD for fiat payment
(b). Additional Costs
If there is any additional cost, it should be indicated as well:
• Shipping Cost within Country
• Shipping Cost outside Country
• Installation Cost
• Any other Cost
(c). Seller Contact Details
All the Seller’s contact details will be conspicuously displayed next to item, which are:
(i). Seller’s Names (if he chooses to be anonymous, his names will not be displayed)Page 36 of 42
(ii). Phone Number (optional)
(iii). Email address
(iv). Social Media contacts (e.g. WhatsApp, Telegram, etc.) (optional)
(d). Buyer Contact Details
This will include:
(i). Buyer’s Name
(ii). Buyer’s Phone Number (optional)
(iii). Buyer’s Email
(iv). Buyer’s Social Media links (optional)
(e). Send Message
(i). A place to type in a message to Seller
(ii). SEND button
Once the Buyer clicks the SEND button, message with all the above details in the Buy Page will be sent
to all the Seller’s contact details mentioned above.
Important Note:
Buyer can contact Seller via any of the Seller’s contact details.
(3). Acknowledgement of Payment
When Buyer clicks on the SEND button and the message is successfully sent to the Seller, a page will pop
out that says:
Thanks for Using EdaFace Mall
Register for our Newsletters >>> (hyperlinked)
You can join our dynamic social media communities for interactive sessions with our Admins >>>
(hyperlinked)Page 37 of 42
(4). Related Advertised Items
Below the advertised or sold item will be related items for purchase so that customers will see other
displayed options as seen on Amazon for buyer to make purchase.
7.0. User Rights
In his EdaFace Mall account, a User (a Seller or Buyer) should be able to perform the following functions:
(i). Delete his User Account
(ii). Delete any item he has registered
(iii). Modify the User Contact Details
(iv). Modify details of his listed item for sale
(v). Reset his account password
(vi). Upgrade his Shop Rental Fee
(vii). Change Item Payment Option.
8.0. EdaFace Mall BackOffice
(a). This will be created into the EdaFace Launchpad backoffice.
(b). It should be a Compartment that is separate from the rest of the other contents of EdaFace
Launchpad backoffice
(c). Backoffice Features
• EdaFace Mall BackOffice will have the features outlined below
• These features are by no means exhaustive – more will be added as the situation demands
• The Backoffice should be created in such a way that it can allow more features to be added
• Each of the feature categories should be in a page with all the pages interlinked
• There should be graphical (pictorial) display in each page
(1). User Details (for both Sellers and Buyers)Page 38 of 42
(i). Name of User
(ii). Login Details
- Email
- Passwords
(iii). A button to Deactivate account
(iv). A platform to be able to send email to a user
(2). Seller Contact Details
(i). Name of User
(ii). Country of Residence
(iii). Contact Details
- Email of User
- Password
- Social Media links
- Phone Numbers
(vii). A platform to be contact Seller by email, social media, or a phone
(3). Shop Details
(i). Name of Seller
(ii). Region
(iii). Country
(iv). Plaza
(v). Shops
(vi). A button to Deactivate Shop
(x). A button that enables the Deactivation, Modification or Deletion of a Region, Country, or Plaza
(4). Seller Rental Fee Analysis
(i). Name of ShopPage 39 of 42
(ii). Ads Option chosen
(iii). Amount Paid
(iv). Expiring Date
(5). A statistic platform that shows the number and activities of EdaFace Mall
(6). Google Analytics that shows the number and activities of EdaFace Mall
(7). Shop Rental Fees
A platform to be able to modify or delete the Ads Options
9.0. Shop Rental Fees
(a). A page should be created specifically for Shop Rental Fees so that users can easily view it.
(b). The Admin should be able to easily change Shop Rental Fees from the backoffice
(c). There are four Ads Options. A Seller will choose any option that suits him.
(d). Note that a Seller should be able to upgrade his Ads Option at any time.
Shop Rental Fees
Please note:
(a). The Shop Rental Fee has four Ads Options
(b). You can choose any Ads Option that suits you.
(c). The Shop Rental Fee payment is made only with Eda Token.
(d). You can change your Ads Option at any time.
(e). Note that the Shop Rental Fee is non-Refundable
Ads Option Basic Plan Silver Plan Gold Plan Platinum Plan
Price 30 USDT 60 USDT 90 USDT 120 USDTPage 40 of 42
Ads Duration 12 weeks 24 weeks 36 weeks 48 weeks
Sign Up Sign Up Sign Up Sign Up
Upgrade Upgrade Upgrade
10.0. EdaFace Mall Safety Tips
1. Meet in a public space to view and testrun the item and exchange money.
2. Never send your item before receiving the money.
3. Use safer, traceable method to send item and exchange money.
11.0. Miscellaneous Details
11.0.1. Operating Language
PhP language
11.0.2. Colour Combination
The color combination of EdaFace Mall should conform to EdaFace’s color combination of a shade of
blue and orange.
Developer needs to use his aesthetic judgment in arriving at a beautiful color combination that will
make EdaFace Mall attractive to users.
EdaFace Mall must be aesthetically beautiful in conformation to the characteristic requirement of
EdaFace.
11.0.3. Database
The database of EdaFace Mall should be such that it allows communication with the rest of EdaFace
structures so that any registration on EdaFace Launchpad will also be applicable to EdaFace Mall.
11.0.4. Github Repository
All codes will be committed to EdaFace Mall repositories that will be created for this purpose.
Please, push all codes to this Github Repository…Page 41 of 42
11.0.5. Icons and Menu
The Icons and Menu should conform to EdaFace’s website.
11.0.6. Footnotes
The Footnotes should be like EdaFace’s website: www.edaface.com
11.0.7. Google Analytics Incorporation
Google Analytics to be added to EdaFace Mall for analysis of activities on the platform.
11.0.8. Advertisement Platform
Google Adsence should be linked to EdaFace Mall.
11.0.9. Announcement Platform
This will be on the landing page of EdaFace Mall.
It will allow the Admin to post key messages about recent development.
Such announcement should have Automatic Posting to EdaFace social media platforms such as
Facebook, Twitter, and Telegram.
11.1.0. Newsletter Subscription
EdaFace Mall will have a newsletter subscription that will be linked to EdaFace Mailchimp account.
11.1.1. Security and Publishing
At the end of development and testrun, the Developer will publish EdaFace Mall on EdaFace server.
Necessary access to EdaFace server will be granted to the developer.
All documentations will need to be sent to EdaFace Google drive.
11.1.2. Integration
Developer will do the following integrations:Page 42 of 42
(a). Integrate Eda Token on the EdaFace Mall
(b). hyperlink EdaFace Mall to EdaFace’s website (www.edaface.com).
11.1.3. Duration of Construction
See the information in EdaFace Mall System Specification document.
11.1.4. Cost of Construction
See the information in EdaFace Mall System Specification document.